


You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on tha streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with tha bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinking about what tha streets do
to me
Cause they never talk peace in tha black community
All we know is violence, do tha job in silence
Walk tha city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers daily heading for tha big penn
Niggas commin' out worse offthan when they went in
Over tha years I done alot of growin' up
Getten drunk thrown' up
Cuffed up
Then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out
To money and fame, I changed my name
And played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harrasses me I just might go psycho
And when I gettem
I'll hittem with tha bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if your smart you'll really let me go 'G'
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch tha uzi
They got me trapped....



(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

They got me trapped
Can barely walk tha city streets
Without a cop harrassing me, searching me
Then asking my identity
Hands up, throw me up against tha wall
Didn't do a thing at all
I'm tellen you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on tha concrete
Coppers try to kill me
But they didn't know this was tha wrong street
Bang bang, down another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot there's brutality
Who do you blame?
It's a shame because tha mans slain
He got caught in tha chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all tha things they did to me
Sweated me, hunted me
Trapped in my own community
One day i'm gonna bust
Blow up on this society
Why did ya lie to me ?
I couldn't find a trace of equality
Work me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that
It's time I lett'em suffer tha payback
I'm tryin to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped



(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

Now i'm trapped and want to find a getaway
All I need is a 'G' and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use tha phone
Cause i'm sure someone is tappin in
Did it before
Ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back at hindsite the fight was irrelevant
But now he's tha devils friend
Too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and i'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away I should of put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin' all I heard was tha ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin "Damn homies is dissin you"
I fired my weapon
Started steppin' in tha hurricane
I got shot so I dropped
Feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet
Couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now i'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley
Still lookin' for my getaway
Coppers said Freeze, or you'll be dead today
Trapped in a corner
Dark and I couldn't see tha light
Thoughts in my mind was tha nine and a better life
What do I do ?
Live my life in a prison cell
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living hell
They got me trapped



(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped





All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me



They cuttin off welfare..
They think crime is risin now
You got whites killin blacks,
cops killin blacks, and blacks killin blacks
Shit just gon' get worse
They just gon' become souljas
Straight souljas

All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted to be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted to be, a soulja, like me


Crack done took a part of my family tree
My mom is on the shit, my daddy's splittin, mom is steady blamin me
Is it my fault, just cause I'm a young black male?
Cops sweat me as if my destiny is makin crack sales
Only fifteen and got problems
Cops on my tail, so I bail til I dodge 'em
They finally pull me over and I laugh
"Remember Rodney King?" and I blast on his punk ass
Now I got a murder case..
.. you speak of heaven punk? I never heard of the place
Wanted to come up fast, got a Uz and a black mask
Duckin fuckin 'Task', now who's the jack-ass?
Keep my shit cocked, cause the cops got a glock too
What the fuck would you do - drop them or let 'em drop you?
I chose droppin the cop
I got me a glock, and a glock for the niggaz on my block
Momma tried to stab me, I moved out
Sold a pound a weed, made G's, bought a new house
I'm only seventeen, I'm the new kid
Got me a crew, bought 'em jewels, and a Uz'-thick
But all good things don't last
'Task' came fast, and busted my black ass
Coolin in the pen, where the good's kept
Now my little brother wants to follow in my footsteps
A soulja

Buck, buck - niggaz get fucked, don't step to this
Quiet as kept I'm blessed on a quest with a death wish
Tell 'em to come and test, and arrest, nigga it's hectic
Here's the anorexic, I'm makin it to an exit
Walkin through the streets on the black tip
Packed with several gats, cause I'm on some "pay 'em back" shit
Niggaz don't wanna try me, brother you'll get shot down
Now I'm king of the block, since my bigger brother's locked down
I'm hot now, so many punk police have got shot down
Other coppers see me on the block, and they jock now
That's what I call a kingpin
Send my brother what he needs and some weed up to Sing-Sing
Tellin him just be ready set
Pack ya shit up quick; and when I hit, be prepared to jet
Niggaz from the block on the boat now
Every single one got a gun, that'll smoke - pow!
These punks about to get hit by the best
I'm wearin double vest.. so aim at my fuckin chest
I'll be makin straight dome calls
Touch the button on the wall, you'll be pickin up your own balls
I can still hear my mother shout..
"Hit the pig nigga, break your bigger brother out"
I got a message for the warden
I'm comin for ya ass, as fast as Flash Gorden
We get surrounded in the mess hall, yes y'all
A crazy motherfucker makin death calls
Just bring me my brother and we leavin
For every minute you stall, one of y'all bleedin..
They brought my brother in a jiffy
I took a cop, just in case things got tricky
And just as we was walkin out (BANG!)
I caught a bullet in the head, the screams never left my mouth
My brother caught a bullet too
I think he gon' pull through, he deserve to
The fast life ain't everything they told ya
Never get much older, following the tracks of a soulja



I don't give a fuck
They done push me to the limit the more I live
I might blow up any minute, did it again
Now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cops bragging about the nigga he's jackin
I see no justice
All I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast
Then watch the hurst past
Just another day in the life 'G'
Gotta step lightly cuz cops tried to snippe me
The catch, they don't wanna stop at the brother man
But then they'll have an accident and pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my cheque
I get more respect from the mutha-fuckin' dope man
The Grammy's and the American music shows pimp us like hoes
They got dough but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked ass hypocrites
They way they see it, we was meant to be keep down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me they're be days like this
But I'm pissed cause it stays like this
And now they trying to send me off to Kuwait
Gimme a break
How much shit can a nigga take
I ain't goin' nowhere no how
What you wanna throw down
Better bring your guns pal
Cuz this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailin' hate I bail and spray with my A-K
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
from the mutha-fuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clocks goin' tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a physco-path
The truth didn't last
Before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who'd do yah figure!?
A mutha-fuckin night nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up
I had enough and I don't give a fuck

Niggas!, isn't just the blacks
also a gang of mutha-fuckas dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and their attitude is shitty
Tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city
They say niggas like to do niggas,
Throw me in the cuffs with just two niggas
A street walkin' nigga and a beat walkin' nigga with a badge
I had to shoot yah and the pass for the blast take his cash
And bash his head in dump him at the dead in
And that's just his luck
Cause a nigga like me
don't really give a fuck

Walked in the store what's everybody staring at
They act like they never seen a mutha fucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit
Ain't this a bitch
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business else where
But where?
Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if knows that my income is more than
His pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mac in fact who's the black jack
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
while he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as casanova
And count another quick meal
I'm getting paid for my traid but its still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
AS strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your backs up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Usta come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers stay strong keep yah heads up
They know we fed up
But we they just don't give a fuck

They just don't give a fuck

I gotta give my fuck offs

Fuck you to the San FranCisco police department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff department
Fuck you to the F.B.I
Fuck you to the C.I.A
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the AmeriKKKa
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice mutha fuckas
And fuck yah
Fuck Y'all
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2paclypse mutha fuckin' know
Y'all can kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck Y'all
Punks, punks, punks, punks, punks



They claim that I'm violent, just cause I refuse to be silent
These hypocrites are havin fits, cause I'm not buyin it
Defyin it, envious because I will rebel against
any oppressor, and this is known as self defense
I show no mercy, they claim that I'm the lunatic
But when the shit gets thick, I'm the one you go and get
Don't look confused, the truth is so plain to see
Cause I'm the nigga that you sell-outs are ashamed to be
In every Jeep and every car, brothers stomp this
I'm Never Ignorant, Getting Goals Accomplished
The underground railroad on an uprise
This time the truth's gettin told, heard enough lies
I told em fight back, attack on society
If this is violence, then violent's what I gotta be
If you investigate you'll find out where it's comin from
Look through our history, America's the violent one
Unlock my brain, break the chains of your misery
This time the payback for evil shit you did to me
They call me militant, racist cause I will resist
You wanna censor somethin, motherfucker censor this!
My words are weapons, and I'm steppin to the silent
Wakin up the masses, but you, claim that I'm violent



The cops can't stand me, but they can't touch me
Call me a dope man, cause I rock dope beats
Jacked by the police, didn't have my ID
I said, "Excuse me, why you tryin to rob me?"
He had tha nerve to, say that I had a curfew
(Do you know what time it is?
Get out the fucking car, or I'll hurt you!)
"Get out the car... or I'lI hurt you"
So here I go, I better make my mind up
Pick my nine up, or hit the line-up
I chose B, stepped into the streets
The first cop grabbed me, the other ripped my seat
They grabbed my homie and they threw him to the concrete
(Ay man.. aiyyo.. ay man just c'mon ?)
("What you doin man?") They tried to frame me
They tried to say I had some dope in the back seat
But I'm a rap fiend, not a crack fiend
My homie panicked ("I'm out") he tried to run
(Freeze nigga!) I heard a bullet fire from the cop's gun
My homie dropped so, I hit the cop
I kept swingin, yo, I couldn't stop
Before I knew it, I was beatin the cop senseless
The other cop dropped his gun, he was defenseless
(? Arrrrggggh, fuck you! Ungggh!)
Now I'm against this cop who was racist
Given him a taste, of tradin places
And all this, cause the peckerwood was tryin this
frame up, but I came up
Now they claimin that I'm violent

As I was beatin on a cop, I heard a gun click (uh-ohh)
Then the gun shot, but I wasn't hit
I turned around it was my homie with the gun in hand
He shot the cop (damn!) now he's a dead man
I said, come on, it's time for us to get away
(Let's go, we gotta get the fuck outta here)
They called for backup, and they'll be on their way
Jumped in the car, and tried to get away quick
The car wouldn't start (damn!) we in deep shit
So we jumped out (C'mon let's take the cop's car)
We drove a little ways thinkin that we got far
But I looked up, and all I saw was blue lights
If I die tonight, I'm dying in a gunfight
I grabed the AK, my homie took the 12 gauge
Load em up quick, it's time for us to spray
We'll shoot em up with they own fuckin weapons
And when we through sprayin (audi) then we steppin
This is a lesson, to the rednecks and crooked cops
You fuck with real niggaz, get ya fuckin ass dropped
So here we go, the police against us
Dark as dusk, waitin for the guns to bust (What's next man?)
What's next, I don't know and I don't care
One things fo' sho', tommorrow I won't be here
But if I go, I'm takin all these punks with me
Pass me a clip G, now come and get me
You wanna sweat me, never get me to be silent
Givin them a reason, (a reason) to claim that I'm violent...



Killing us one by one
In one way or another
American will find a way to eliminate the problem
One by one
The problem is
the troubles in the black youth of the ghettos
And one by one
we are being wiped off the face of this earth
At an extremly alarming rate
And even more alarming is the fact
that we are not fighting back
Brothers, sistas, niggas
When I say niggas it is not the nigga we are grown to fear
It is not the nigga we say as if it has no meaning
But to me
It means Never Ignorant Getting Goals Acomplishes, nigga
Niggas what are we going to do
Walk blind into a line or fight
Fight and die if we must like niggas

This is for the masses the lower classes
The ones you left out, jobs were givin', better livin'
But we were kept out
Made to feel inferior, but we're the superior
Break the chains in out brains that made us fear yah
Pledge a legiance to a flag that neglects us
Honour a man that who refuses to respect us
Emmancipation, proclamation, Please!
Nigga just said that to save the nation
These are lies that we all accepted
Say no to drugs but the governments' keep it
Running through our community, killing the unity
The war on drugs is a war on you and me
And yet they say this is the Home of The Free
But if you ask me its all about hyprocracy
The constitution, Yo, it don't apply to me
Lady Liberty still the bitch lied to me
Steady strong nobody's gonna like what I pumpin'
But its wrong to keeping someone from learning something
So get up, its time to start nation building
I'm fed up, we gotta start teaching childern
That they can be all that they wanna to be
There's much more to life than just poverty

This is defaintly ahhh words of wisdom
AMERIKA, AMERIKA, AMERIKKKA
I charge you with the crime of rape, murder, and assault
For suppressing and punishing my people
I charge you with robery for robbing me of my history
I charge you with false imprisonment for keeping me
Trapped in the projects
And the jury finds you guilty on all accounts
And you are to serve the consequences of your evil schemes
Prosecutor do you have any more evidience


They shine upon the strength of an nation
Conquer the enemy on with education
Protect thy self, reach with what you wanna do
Know thy self, teach what we been through
On with the knowledge of the place, then
No one will ever oppress this race again
No Malcolm X in my history text
Why is that?
Cause he tried to educate and liberate all blacks
Why is Martin Luther King in my book each week?
He told blacks, if they get smacked, turn the other cheek
I don't get it, so many questions went through my mind
I get sweated, They act as if asking questions is a crime
But forget it, one day I'm gonna prove them wrong
Now every brother had to smother on the welfare line
The american dream, though it seems it attainable
They're pulling your sleave, don't believe
Cause it will strangle yah
Pulling the life of your brain, I can't explain
Beg as you can obtain from which you came
Swear that your mother is living in equality
Forgeting your brother that's living her apology
Thought they had us beat when they took our kids
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom

NIGHTMARE thats what I am
America's nightmare
I am what you made me
The hate and evil that you gave me
I shine of a reminder of what you have done to my people
for Four hundred plus years
You should be scared
You should be running
You should be trying to silence me
ha ha
But you can not escape fate
Well it is my turn to come
Just as you rose you shall fall
By my hands
Amerika, You reap what you sow
2pacalypse America's Nightmare
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob America's Nightmare
Above the Law America's Nightmare
Paris America's Nightmare
Public Enemy America's Nightmare
Krs-One America's Nightmare
Mutulu Shakur America's Nightmare
Geronimo Pratt America's Nightmare
Assada Shakur America's Nightmare




Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come

More than an adversary I'm very quick
I'm ready to hit 'em with this gift
I'm equipped to kick
Grab you coat and you hat, cause I'm prepared to clamp
Scared the [???], and caught them mutha-fuckas damp
Oh shit, 2pacalypse is back and strapped
Attacking the pacs, I'm kicking the facts for stacks to rap
And those that max, relax and let the blacks get jacks
I'm getting taxed, my pacs is packed with angry blacks
I'm ready to go
I'm ripping the shows, hitting the dough
Getting the hoes [???]
Pumping the flow, gangster ho
cause the nose knows
Check the pose, froze, when you see me close
Punks you gonna roast, host, in a cloud of smoke
Broke, choked on a rope, and then smoked
wrote, crimes that'll bring me bank notes
nope, I ain't the type of fella that you use though
Kkkkkkicking the funky flava
Pumping [???] producers
Run for cover when you hear the bass drop
One verse is all it takes
Something wicked this way come

Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come

Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
wicked wicked this way comes
wicked wicked this way comes
wicked wicked this way comes
Something wicked this way come



A smokin ass nigga robbed me blind
I got a tech nine now his smokin ass is mine
I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close
He caught me on the sneak tip, now the punk's in deep shit
Catch him on the streets, I'ma bring him to his feet, quick
Pass the clip, I think I see him comin now
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and let's run him down
Gots to be the first one to hit ya when we meet
Comin quickly up the streets, is the punk ass police
The first one jumped out and said, "Freeze!"
I popped him in his knees and shot him, punk.. please..
Cause cops should mind they business, when we rush
Now you're pleadin like a bitch, cause you don't know how to.. hush..
Now back to the smoker that robbed me
I tell you like Latifah, motherfucker give me.. body..
One to the chest, another to his fuckin dome
Now the shit can rest, yo tell him to leave me the fuck alone
Two very bloody bodies on the streets
A nosey ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me
Run from your backup punk, how you figure?
My finger's on the trigger for you crooked ass niggaz


Now listen to the mack of the crooked nigga trade
With the fine criminal mind, cold rips like a blade
It's already quick steppin to the niggaz with the props
and any motherfucker with the flim-flam drops to the knot
Ten o'clock, is a motherfuckin gank move
Stretch is Uptown, clockin weight the shit is real smooth
A nigga's tryin to play me like he know me but he don't
Sittin on ten keys, I'ma get him, think I won't?
My nigga 2Pac, got the fuckin Glock cocked, and he's ready
When the kid, didn't even bring the weight bag, instead he
welcomed us, into his apartment
Oh this even better, two to the head, he's dead a clean get-a-WAY!
Niggaz got PAID!
And yet another sleepin ass nigga got slayed, word up
By a crooked motherfucker named Stretch
And the T-U-P-A-C, the police can't catch..


Now I could be a crooked nigga too
When I'm rollin with my crew, watch what crooked niggaz, do!
I got a nine millimeter Glock pistol
I'm ready to get witcha at the drop, of a whistle
So make your move, and act like you wanna flip
I fire thirteen shots, and pop another clip
I bring luck, my Glock's like a fuckin mop
The more I shot, the more motherfuckers dropped
And even cops got shot when they rolled up
Best to bring a knot, or get popped, I'm a soldier
I ain't the type to fetch ya, ask Stretch, he's my witness
Smoke til I'm blitzed, fuck a motherfuckin piss test
I'm trigger happy, try to 'tack me and I'll drop you quick
Long as I got a clip I got some shit to hit em with
The nigga killer I get iller when the shit gets thick
My brain flips, I start thinkin like a lunatic
I rip shit, came equipped with a bigger crew
I thought these niggaz knew, I'm a crooked nigga too



Crooked ass niggaz come in all shapes and sizes
They wear disguises, backstabbin's what they specialize in
They'll try to getcha, they'll sweatcha to get in the picture
And then they hitcha, son of a bitch! Now he's richer
Crooked ass nigga..


Criminal behaviour
Criminal, criminal, crim
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal beha.. crima-crima-crima
Crim-crim, criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour..



Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
everybody smoked with they locs and the yolks on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Sayin we cousins, knowin that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope gaaaane, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call



It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang cane on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' cane
You got game now you run with no shame
I chose rappin tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call



Well it's ninety-one and I'm livin kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell pal
But life makin records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected it's hectic it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred, and blurred and changed in shaped
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take, my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face, to hide the trace of heat
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call


Brenda's Got A Baby

Brenda's got a Baby
Brenda's got a Baby

I hear Brenda's got a baby
But, Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame
Tha girl can hardly spell her name
(That's not our problem, that's up ta Brenda's family)
Well let me show ya how it affects tha whole community
Now Brenda never really knew her moms and her dad was a
junky
Went in debt to his arms, it's sad
Cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just cause your in tha ghetto doesn't mean ya can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes ta resist tha temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now lets watch tha joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who didn't really care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when tha check came they got first dibs
Now Brendas belly is gettin bigger
But no one seems ta notice any change in her figure
She's 12 years old and she's having a baby
In love with tha molester, whos sexin her crazy
And yet she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world with tha two of them are together,
whatever
He left her and she had tha baby solo, she had it on tha
bathroom floor
And didn't know so, she didn't know, what ta throw away and
what ta keep
She wrapped tha baby up and threw him in tha trash heep
I guess she thought she'd get away
Wouldn't hear tha cries
She didn't realize
How much tha tha little baby had her eyes
Now tha babys in tha trash heep balling
Momma can't help her, but it hurts ta hear her calling
Brenda wants ta run away
Momma say, you makin' me lose pay, tha social workers here
everyday
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried ta sell crack, but end up getting robbed
So now what's next, there ain't nothin left ta sell
So she sees sex as a way of leavin hell
It's payin tha rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain, and Brenda's her name, she's got a baby

Baaaaaaaaby

(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)
(don't you know she's got a baby)


Ohh shit! Jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie?
Heard I was down with D.U., now she wants to do me
Oooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a coat-check, snappin motherfuckers necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
niggaz get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from Tha' Lunatic




Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
Cause I'm nothin nice and, I'm icin like Tyson
I'm grippin the mic and, my DJ is slicin
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin to me with the SAME OLD
Tryin to do me like Nintendo
How the fuck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin motherfuckers like a shootin star
Cause I'm out to show, that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin, wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick, like a motherfuckin 'conda
Niggaz wanna flip, let em step, and I'll bomb em
See somethin you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin me, tellin me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin like a bitch, cause your whole fuckin posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
Feel the wrath.. and revenge of Tha' Lunatic




Recognize game when it smacks your bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin this on the map with this mackin shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump, the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin that he's ruthless
Ducked, and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin, I guess I let the beat keep bumpin
Stop trippin off these niggaz cause they ain't about nuttin
Or should I say NAYthin
Punk put my tape in, fuck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
or get the dick of Tha' Lunatic


Fuck all them niggaz
I'm tellin these niggaz that they ain't got..
NAYthin on a nigga like me
We squashin these punk motherfuckers in ninety-one
ninety-two ninety-three.. and SO on
So let the beat FLOAT on
While I spray these PUNK BITCHES
with these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin the DANK
Now it's money in the BANK
And all y'all niggaz shit STANK
compared to this shit..


They just can't stand the reign, or the occasional pain
from a man like me, who goes against the grain
Sometimes I do it in vain, so with a little bass and treble
Hey Mister! It's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel
Cold as the devil
Straight from the underground, the rebel, a lower level
They came to see the maniac psychopath
The critics heard of me, and the aftermath
I don't give a damn and it shows
And when I do a stage show I wear street clothes
So they all know me
The lyrical lunatic, the maniac emcee
I give a shout out to your homies
And maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G
On the streets or on TV
It just don't pay to be, a truth tellin MC
They won't be happy till I'm banned
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man
So point blank in your face, pump up the bass
and join the human race
I throw peace to the Bay
Cause from the Jungle to Oaktown, they backin me up all the way
You know you gotta love the sound
It's from the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Rebel he's a rebel, rebel of the underground 


Now I'm face to face with the devils
Cause they breedin more rebels than the whole damn ghetto
And police brutality
shit it put you in the nip and call it technicality
So you reap what you sow
So reap the wrath of the rebel, jackin em up once mo'
Now the fox is in the henhouse, creepin up on your daughter
While you sleep I got her sneakin out
Tupac ain't nuttin nice
I'll be nuttin how I wanna, and doin what I'm gonna
Now I'm up to no good
The mastermind of mischief movin more than most could
So sit and slip into the sound
Peep the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Rebel he's a rebel, rebel of the underground 


They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down
I guess they scared of the rebel -- the rebel of the underground
But I never let it get me
I just make another record bout the punks tryin to sweat me
In fact, they tryin to keep me out
Try to censor what I say
cause they don't like what I'm talkin bout
So what's wrong with the media today?
Got brothers sellin out cause they greedy to get paid
But me, I'm comin from the soul
And if it don't go gold, my story still gettin told
And that way they can't stop me
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy
It's sloppy, don't even try to
I'm a slave to the rhythm, and I'm about to fly through
So yo to the people in the ghetto
When ya hear the bass flow, go ahead and let go
Now everybody wanna gangbang
They talkin street slang, but the punks still can't hang
They makin records bout violence
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent
It kinda make you wanna think about
that ya gotta do some sellin out, just to get your record out
But 2Pacalpyse is straight down
So feel the wrath of the rebel -- the rebel of the underground

Tupac is a rebel, rebel of the underground 




Meet Cindi, she's twenty-two, lives right on the dope track
Used to be fat now weighs less than a Tic-Tac
Now what's that say about, this big epidemic
This hypocritical world, and the people in it
Now speaking of in it Cindi loved to get buckwild
Fuck with a smile single file she'll bust nuff styles
That would be cool, if she was your lover
But fuck that, Cindi was my dope fiend mother
Welfare checks never stepped through the front door
Cuz moms would run to the dopeman once more
All those days, had me fiending for a hot meal
Now I'm a crook, got steel, I do not feel
So don't even trip, when I flip, with my thirty-eight
Revenge is a bitch, and my hit shake the murder rate
Word to the mutha, I'm touched
When moms come by, niggaz hush or get rushed
Maybe one day she'll recover
But what will it take, to shake, or break
My part time mutha

I gotta live with a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)

I grew up in a home where no-one liked me
Moms would hit the pipe, everynight, she would fight me
Poppa was a nasty old man, like the rest
He's feeling on my chest, with his hand in my dress
Just another pest, and yes I was nervous
Blood sensor tests, I just don't deserve this
I wanna tell mom, but would she listen
She's bound to be bitchin if she hasn't got a fix in
So... now I lay me down to sleep
Lord don't let him rape me
If he does my soul to keep
Don't let the devil take me
Can't concentrate I contemplate in my classroom
Thinkin how my step dad, raped me in the bathroom
Every day I make class, and yet I'm missing periods
The thought of pregnancy is in my head and now I'm fearing it
I gotta tell mom, before she sees me
I told her how he G'd me, and she didn't believe me
Callin me a slut cuz my butt's kinda big so
Still that ain't no way to be talkin to your kids though
I can't believe the way you call it
Gotta believe in him, and dissin her own daughter
Time for me to break and find another
That's when I discovered
The ways of the days of a part time mutha

I got a part time
A part time
A part time
She's a (part time mutha)
Part time
A part time
A part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)

I rush to tend her, talked as I touch her
She blushed, the clothes came off, and I bust her
I'm up now, ready to get drunk on the block
Here, take a cab, thanks a lot for the cot
She's gone, and I'm thinkin that my game's so strong
Pat myself on the back and move on
Is this just how it is hell no
Cuz she came back with the kid and yo
I been payin ever since
The clothes the food the cars and oh the rent
All of my time gets spent at the workplace
No time to kiss her got me list in the first place
So I do the dishes and clean the floor
When I sleep I can't dream anymore
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha
And I, change the diapers and clean the shit
The tables are turned I can't take this
Oh no... now I'm a part time mutha

A part time
A part time mutha
Now I'm a part time mutha
I'm a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
Part time
Now I'ma (part time mutha)
She's a part time
A part time mutha
He's a part time mutha
She's a (part time mutha)
A part time
A part time
A part time
Part time mutha
A part time
A part time mutha
Pa-pa-pa-part time
Pa-pa-pa-part time...







Aww yeah, uhh, uhh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah!


Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin down the barrel of my nine, get up
Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got him in a smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin but be thankful that you're livin, blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when I free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'ma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -

Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me - PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin it up
One way or another you'll be givin it up, huh
I guess cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They fell me when they rollin in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin 'til other brothers bubble -


Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
representin, never give up, on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -




"You could get the finger.. the middle!" 
"Come and get some!" 

I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggaz need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this:
wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
them same motherfuckers on the beat gettin major paid
But when I get my check they takin tax out
So, we payin for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are gettin rich
Whoopin on thugs and robbin drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, bein a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell em your soul or they'll be on ya til a niggaz ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a law suit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin ass marks in the park
for tryin to earn they stripes in the dark
Just cause I come there, don't mean I from there, peep:
only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga



Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch


As I run up on em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggaz run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's gettin hectic, niggaz run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggaz on the block tryin to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're tryin to sleep
I'm steady pumpin bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to bustin, nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
at 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga


One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess til I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't goin back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, til these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers.. (hahaha!) point the finga


I've changed...
You mothafuckas kill me
I've changed...

It ain't that i've changed
But it's strange how you mothafuckas rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy

You know what my momma usta tell me
If ya can't find something ta live 4

Then you BEST, find something ta die 4

(eazy saying 'if there's hell below, we're all gonna
go'--this is all through out tha interlude)

Deep deep

La'tasha Hardings
Remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice...
Ain't something 2 die 4

Young Quaid
Remember that name...
Cause all you mothafuckas
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jelousy and recklousness
Is NOT, something 2 die 4

All you Niggas out there
[echoed laughter]
Got a crack that crumbles
When I say all you Niggas (all you niggas)
Unite
One nigga, teach 2 niggas
4 niggas teach more niggas
All tha poor niggas
Tha penn niggas
Tha rich niggas
Tha strong niggas
UNITE

There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip

Deep deep

That's something 2 die 4

Black

That's something 2 live 4

What do I know?


Last Wordz
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
the nigga you love to hate





Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house

Got any last wordz


Now they're after me, why? cuz a niggas black
Sit back
Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back
Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker
[Boom, Boom] Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets?
Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same
Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga
But they can't take us alll
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place [ha ha ha]
Keeping the smile off their white fakes
I ain't racist but lets trade places
Trace the hate 'n face it
One nigga teach two niggas
three teach four niggas
And them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast
That'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz

My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?

The critics or the cops?

[Pac]
Niggaz get they neck broke daily
Tryin to stay jail free
[Soul]
What the fuck does Quayle know
of young black males?
[both]
Please tell me
[Soul]
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
[Pac]
Huh, I pack a nine millimeter cause I got em livin hotter
than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
[Soul]
Momma told me, "Don't let em fade me..
.. nigga don't let em make you crazy!"
Game is what she gave me
[Pac]
Gotta watch your back, strapped
[Soul]
Real niggaz rat-pack
[Pac]
If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
[Soul]
That's just the way it is
[both]
Slangin rocks, in front of niggaz kids
[Pac]
I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
[Soul]
You couldn't get me, figure, "Fuck with a niggaz people"
[Pac]
They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
[Soul]
Cops on my back, just cause I'm black, SNAP
[Pac]
Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
[both]
All you punk police will never find peace
on the streets til the niggaz get a piece, fuck em!
[Soul]
They kill you to control ya
(PAY) top dollar for your soul
[both]
Real niggaz don't fold, straight souljah!
[Pac]
Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
til the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggaz scream fuck em!
[Soul]
Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggaz than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggaz
teach three niggaz, teach fo' niggaz (I hear ya!)
teach mo' niggaz, and we could run this shit!
[both]
I hear ya!

"They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass" (I hear ya!)
[repeat 10 X with snips and scratches]
[Soul]
Souljah!




So what the fuck you talkin about?! Aw, shit.
Goody, goody, gumdrops.
Nigaa, get your hoodie and your gun cocked.
Rock it till the drum stops.
Hip hop.
Even if my shit flip flop
It probably wouldn't stop.
Talk shit and get socked.
How ya hang em?
Know a realer nigga? You could bring him.
If I don't represent the shit,
I'll kick it.
We could sway him.
Huh. As if I know ya.
Then I could show ya.
But if I don't know, I gotta fo' fo' fo' ya.
So, so peep game
At point blank range.
The fame can't change what the game maintains.
Strange. Wind against the grain.
Aw shit. Flick or no flick I trips for no bitch.
Catch up on your pimpin.
I ain't simpin. I'm a dis her.
Couldn't be my sister if she actin like I missed her.
Tell me why they, tell me why they, tell me why they play me.
Don't these niggas know that neiter one of y'all can fade me.
I ain't big, I ain't buff, I ain't deisel.
But fuck wit Tupac and pop goes the weisel.
Me and Threat made a bet on how many fellas
Would jack a motha fuckin real nigga cuz they jealous.
They do it for the fame.
Explain. Insane. What's in a name? What's in a name?
Peep game.


Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style.
Put it together like a puzzle builder.
If Trenton don't get cha, pops gon' kill ya.

Killa Cali.
The state where they kill.
Down wit Oaktown? What's up homie, can I chill?
The bitches lookin funny.
Feel em at me. Feel em at me wit they minds on they heaven
Wit they .357.
-Where you at?
*On the freeway, deep in LA.
-OK, see you when get here loc.
*OK.
-Here I am. Here I am.
*Goddamn that was quick.
-Told ya I was comin. Who is that? Is that your woman?
*Na, that's just a hoochie looking for some juice.
-What's up my nigga? What ya know? A nigga got a little bigger.
That's all folks know.
Fat gold ropes.
Gotta keep a low key for my attack.
When I approach, I want the diamonds, the pearls.
The round the way girls.
Cuz baby got, baby got back out this world.
Would you give a fee? Never.
Fly like a feather.
Make more money than your father and your mother put together.
The game is to be sold, not to be told.
So buy it.
Can't afford it?
Low budget hoes gotta brother.
Peep game.



Don't sell out.
Get the hell out.
Cuz here I come.
Hit em with my bop gun.
They came and they blast.
We got witt they ass.
And oh, pop this vest and all the rest of that mess.
Comin through like Terminater 2.
Boost your crew cuz we ain't afraid of you.
You know what time it is wit me once the clock stike 3.
We goin coo-coo like Cocoa Puffs. Whooo eeii!!!



Time to get paid, time to get paid. Check.
Time to represent the west. On me: nuttin but a vest.
Got my hands on my glock, eyes on the prize.
First sucka jump, first sucka die.
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme mine like I told ya.
Hard as a boulder.
Motha fuckin souja.
Boom bam boom!! It's a stick up.
Vice president Dan Quayle eat a dick up.
Peep game.


Punk motha fucka.
Fuck all those motha fuckas, they all can eat a motha fuckin dick up.
Word up. Fuck the police. I don't give a fuck.
Bobcat in this motha fucka boy.
Big up! Big up! To the criminals.
Fuck em.

this is serious business.

Yeah, microphone mafia.
Tupac, Threat, Bobcat.
93 shot.
Yeah nigga, bitch.




Strugglin, jugglin, got it to the black man
Eatin the scams like I was motherfuckin Pac Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggaz with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, cuz either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore... theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your... dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po can't forget Money Bags
Stickin up spots and jumpin in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin
And always keep a hand on the gat
Cuz a niggaz straight strugglin



I used to be on tour, but now I'm sick of strugglin
I thought about bumpin, but mother-fuck jugglin
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down uhh! it's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
Cuz of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac cause the dogg got it goin on
If you come up steppin you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin house, I'm strugglin
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin



Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin changed set it off I let the brains hang
Guess who's back, to put niggaz on they back
Till I call back, niggaz runnin free better fall back
I'm fifty niggaz deep beat sleep
with a Mossberg wrapped in my seats
three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin and strivin, that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin motherfuckers to the moon
Niggaz need to feel me a real G, home from the bumblin
See me on the block, strugglin
And rollin with the roughnecks nuff checks cashed
I get in niggaz ass, blast
Straight strugglin



 


A coward dies a thousand deaths
A soldier dies but once


They say pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plottin on murderin motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Picturin pitiful punk niggaz coppin pleas
Puffin weed as I position myself to clock G's
My enemies scatter in suicidal situations
Never to witness the wicked shit that they was facin
Pockets is packed with presidents, pursue your riches
Evadin the playa hatin tricks, while hittin switches
Bitches is bad-mouth, cause brawlin motherfuckers is bold
But y'all some hoes, the game should be sewed
I'm sick of psychotic society somebody save me
Addicted to drama so even mama couldn't raise me
Even the preacher and all my teachers couldn't reach me
I run in the streets and puffin weed wit my peeps
I'm duckin the cop, I hit the weed as I'm clutchin my glock
Niggaz is hot when I hit the block, what if I die tonight

]
Polishin pistols prepare for battle pass the pump
When I get to poppin niggaz is droppin then they done
Callin the coroner come collect the fuckin corpse
He got it by killer, preoccuppied with bein boss
Revenge is the method, whenever steppin keep a weapon close
Adversaries are overdosed over deadly notes
Jealous niggaz and broke bitches equal packed jails
Hit the block and fill your pockets makin crack sales
Picture perfection pursuin paper with a passion
Visions of prisons for all the pussies that I blasted
Runnin with criminals individuals with no remorse
Try to stop me my pistol posse's usin deadly force
In my brain all I can think about is fame
The police know my name, a different game, ain't a thing changed
I'm seein cemetary photos of my peers
Conversatin like they still here, if I die tonight


Pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plottin on murderin motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Pray to the heavens three-fifty-sevens to the sky
And I hope I'm forgiven for Thug Livin when I die
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto for Thug niggaz
A stress free life and a spot for drug dealers
Pissin while practicin how to pimp and be a playa
Overdose of a dick, while drinkin liquor when I lay her
Pistol whippin these simps, for bein petrified and lame
Disrespectin the game, prayin for punishment and pain
Goin insane, never die, live eternal, who shall I fear?
Don't shed a tear for me nigga I ain't happy hear
I hope they bury me and send me to my rest
Headlines readin MURDERED TO DEATH, my last breath
Take a look picture a crook on his last stand
Motherfuckers don't understand, if I die tonight



Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin
There ain't no stoppin me
Constantly movin while makin millions
Witnessin killings, leavin dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Carries to children cause they're illin
Addicted to killin and the appeal from the cap peelin
Without feelin, but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket -- the aftermath
More bodies being buried -- I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetary
Got me worried, stressin, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby



Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
and screamin I guess them nightmares as a child
had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villian, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everday there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
when I gets to pervin, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well


With all this extra stressin
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finaly get to rest? Through this supression
they punish the people that's askin questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possesions
The message I stress: to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less - even the genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin of riches, in a position of makin a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nuttin like the game
It's just me against the world



I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears (if I should die before I wake)
Please God walk with me (grab a nigga and take me to Heaven)

Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dyin breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me? I'm not livin in the past, you wanna last
Be tha first to blast, remember Kato
No longer with us he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets
Now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears

Ahh, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now that I'm strugglin in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin green, but seldom seen
And fuck the world cause I'm cursed, I'm havin visions
of leavin here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure, and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm goin blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin well
I know my destiny is Hell, where did I fail?
My life is in denial, and when I die,
baptized in eternal fire I'll shed so many tears

Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
to embrace an early death, now there's nothin left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standin, bout to go to pieces, screamin peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparkin the flame
inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Paintin a picture of my enemies killin me, in my sleep
Will I survive til the mo'nin, to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come...

Lord, I suffered through the years (God) and shed so many tears..
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Lord knows I.. tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drivebys takin lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, gettin high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future right for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wantin babies
so I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady, cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin noises, think she fuckin all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin to the floor; beggin for the Lord to let me in
to Heaven's door -- shed so many tears
(Dear God, please let me in)

Lord, I've lost so many years, and shed so many tears..
I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears..
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears


Temptations

Yo Mo Bee main, drop that shit!


You know what time, boo-yaow
I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand youknowhatI'msayin
And uhh, throw up that finger
Ay yo yo yo throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?



Tell me baby are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if ya only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong love tell me, cause I get caught up
and the life I live is Hell see, I never thought I'd see
the day when I would calm down, you ain't heard
I've been known to clown and Get Around, that's my word
See you walkin and you lookin good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin me
witcha attitude to match right, don't be phony
cause I hate when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin in the spotlight, I want the fame
but the industry's a lot like, a crap game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be wit you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go...



Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go..
Throw them the finger!
Ya know what baby it's like


I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care



Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
in my ride and I'm all in, gettin high
I can hear the people callin, I'm passin by
Everybody knows I'm ball-in, and to God
Gotta keep myself from fall-in, but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do
Gettin shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
in your ears as I kiss ya, on every curve
Slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates, do you wanna fall up in heaven
Don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was...



Give em the finger!
All my homies go..
Throw your fingers up!
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like


I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care



A lot of people think it's easy, to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me, in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin up the telephone, reminiscin
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin, you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin
See you later, cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was



Give em the finger
And all my homies go.. yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
Y'know? They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you


Everybody, heyy, alright
Heyy, heyyyeah, heyyyayyy, ohh


All my niggaz go
Uptown in the
Give em the finger!
Throw your hands up
Give em the finger!


Young Niggaz

I wanna dedicate this one to Robert 'Yummy' Sanderford
and all other lil' young niggaz that's in a rush to be gangstas

As a young nigga, I'm almost ?swellin? in the wind
Give anythang, to be that innocent again, when I was ten
I didn't bang but I was hangin with the homies
tell them niggaz started slangin that they don't know me
I got my hustle on, learned to ignore what couldn't pay me
Lately I've been tryin to make a bill-ion, can you play me
with that jealousy they need to miss me, don't sweat me
If them cowards really want me, come get me, and even I
someday will die but I'm cautious, I'm fin' to ride
Put down the top, now we flossin
Hit the freeway, let the wind blow, drop the window
Workin with a twenty sack of indo, feelin good
Stop through the hood, grab the young thugs
And I can't help but reminisce back when we slung drugs, know it's bad
but all we had was our hopes and dreams
Couldn't see unless we learned to slang dope to fiends
as young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

Back in Junior High, when we was barely gettin by, when daddy died
That's when my momma started gettin high
My neighborhood was full of drivebys, couldn't survive
All our homies livin short lives, I couldn't cry
Told my momma if I did die, just put a blunt in my casket
let me get my dead homies high
Come follow me throughout my history, it's just
_Me Against the World_ stuck in misery; as a young nigga
My only thing was to be paid
Life full of riches avoid snitched cause they shady, back in the days
We always found the time to play,
but that's before they taught them gangbangers how to spray
Not just L.A., but in the Bay and in Chicago and even St. Louis
Every stadium that I go, when will they change?
Stuck in the game like a dumb nigga
Remember how it was, to be a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

I'm tellin you..
.. to be young, have your brains and have every ? and all that
Yo, y'all niggaz don't know how good you really do got it
Muh'fuckers need to just calm down
and peep what the fuck they wanna do for the rest of the life
'Fore you end your life before you BEGIN your life
You dumb nigga

Now that I'm grown, I got my mind on bein somethin
Don't wanna be another statistic, out here doin nuttin
Tryin to maintain in this dirty game, keep it real
and I will even if it kills me, my young niggaz
break away from these dumb niggaz
Put down the guns and have some fun nigga, the rest'll come nigga
Fame is a fast thang, that gangbangin
puttin niggaz in a casket, murdered for hangin
at the wrong place at the wrong time, no longer livin
Cause he threw up the wrong sign, and every day
I watch the murder rate increases, and even worse
the epidemic and diseases, what is the future?
The projects lookin hopeless, where
more and more borhters givin up and don't care
Sometimes I hate when brothers act up, I hit the weed
and I proceed to blow the track up, for young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
For these young niggaz
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
Take it slow nigga, it's for the young niggaz
He's the downest G I've ever known
As a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
Memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
He's the downest G I've ever known
['Pac talking overlaps singing last four lines]
This go out to the young thugs, the have-nots (you know)
Little bad motherfuckers from the block (that's right)
Them niggaz that's thirteen and fourteen
Drivin Cadillacs, Benzes and shit (I see you boy)
Young motherfuckin hustlers (make that money boy)
Stay strong nigga
You could be a fuckin accountant, not a dope dealer
youknowhatI'msayin? (Go to school nigga, go to school)
Fuck around and, you pimpin out here
You could be a lawyer (really doe)
Niggaz gotta get they priorities straight
(Don't see Johnny Cochran out in this motherfucker)
Really doe.. young niggaz.. little RahRah
(sup nigga) Especially my little cousins don't be no dumb guy
(Don't be a dumb nigga, listen, young niggaz)




Heavy In The Game



Now how can I explain how this game laced, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four/seven
Money's my mission, just a nigga tryin to make a livin
These busta tricks don't want no mail
They spendin they riches on skanless bitches
who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass bitches, playa-hatin but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods gettin no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicatin through my pager, niggaz know me
Don't have no homies cause they jealous, I hustle solo
Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas, listen
Ain't nothin poppin 'bout no work nigga, I ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough nigga
Heavy in the game [1]



Well lemme shoot some of this how heavy type of shit..
Certain niggaz wanna stick to the game, yousea trick to the game
Waitin upon your turn, so when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, niggaz be twistin and takin shit
Puttin they sack down, then puttin they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and fo' sho' you gon' respect game
Be yo' own nigga meanin buy yo' own dope
Cause that front shit is punk shit, somethin I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real shit; disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jackin and robbin, despisin your homie
ain't healthy, niggaz be endin up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewin somethin major
so what I reap is boss -- that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young nigga livin residential
to a, young nigga workin presidential 



I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed, jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail, is out here doin dirt
Made my decisions do or die, been hustlin since junior high
No time for askin why, gettin high, gettin mine
Put away my nine, cause these times call for four-five sales
cause life is hell and everybody dies
What about these niggaz I despise -- them loud talkin cowards
shootin guns into crowds, jeapordizin lives
Shoot em right between them niggaz eyes, it's time to realize
follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's tryin to make the news, niggaz confused
Quit tryin to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself, go with the grain
and come the riches and the bitches and the fame
Heavy in the game 


 


Lord Knows



I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they shoulda killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
and if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm loosin hope, they got me stressin, can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennesey got me queasy
Don't wanna earl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
slangin rocks with your glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin from the cops -- and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows...



I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
and every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
and still a nigga stressin over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath,
it's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin niggaz, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard
in the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breath
Got me thinkin, what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin game
and Lord knows...


One-time! One-time!
Fuck the five-oh cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let em capture me
Done lost too many niggaz to this gangbangin
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin, fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
and he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin up
I'm gettin lost in the weed, man, gettin high
Livin everday, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out, and if I wasn't high
probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows.. Jesus..
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows.. Lord knows.. he he.. he.. he.. heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)








I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Let's get ready to ruuumbllle!!)


Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
that get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches


I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah / Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah..


Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind nigga
My ambitions as a ridah!
My ambitions as a ridah!


So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin without heart
Was born rough and rugged, addressin the mad public
My attitude was, "Fuck it," cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uhh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
while she hot, and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the tele hoe"
Equipped with money and a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smokin bomb-ass weed feelin crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin and prayers, to breakin motherfuckers to pay-up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal-ticket mission, want a mil', so I'm wishin
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressin (boo-yaa!)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's manditory
No guts no glory my nigga bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the bidness so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches gettin suspicious
Started plottin and plannin on schemes, to come and trick us
But Thug niggaz be on point and game tight (yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart, wrap it up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggaz is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uhh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hopin you listen I catch you payin attention
to my amibitions as a ridah



I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
My ambitions as a ridah
Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G


(I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah)
Peep it.. it was my only wish to rise
above these jealous coward mutherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screamin as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me (that's all you niggaz got?) witness my steel
Spittin at adversaries envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal thinkin thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flyin when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doin jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin for life and if you right then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die to be a man you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah


My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the Thugs before me
Pay off the block evade the cops cause I know they comin for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleeds
niggaz'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
didn't diminish my powers
so now I'm back to be a motherfuckin menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggaz on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
gettin much mail in jail, niggaz tellin me to kill it
Knowin when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a whoridah when I put the shit inside
the cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggaz that played me,
and all the cowards that was down widdit
Now it's yo' nigga right beside ya
Hopin you listenin, catch you payin attention
to my ambitions as a ridah





You probably crooked as the last trick; want it light
but how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin with the wrong one, uh!
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin for some love
In every club, I see you starin like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin
Guess it's true what they tellin me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin Boo, is this is all about you




I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
with the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
cause we comin from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin through..
It's all about you.. hahaha, yeah nigga!
It's all about you!



Hey Nate you know you got to focus on this motherfucker
We's gonna talk about these scandalous hoes

I can talk about scandalous bitches

Oh I know you can!
I know you that's why we gonna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga stop fuckin around with the piano nigga
Just drop that shit like uhh, this here


I met you through my homie now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed cause baby that shit was so phony
It's not for me, you see no lovin from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house
and can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggaz, playa let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, "Never breathing again"
It's scandalous, I never liked your back stabbin ass, triiick
Used to watch you money grabbin, who you baggin beeyitch?
Ready to bust, in the city you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin scandalous



Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
Scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous.. she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous


How's it hangin? Cause baby from the back the shit is bangin
I've been stressin in this ghetto game, tryin to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin
This bitch'll have ya wakin up with all your cash missin
I'm askin, as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin at a bitch who specialize in tellin lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister ? in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
and though I don't where we're goin, she's makin me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you sayin?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me off guard
Went in the purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga I'm so scandalous

Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin on gettin riches
I'm spittin at tricks cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggaz can never be faded
This is my prophecy -- I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin you could be true
when I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggaz doin time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin well
Bustin at niggaz who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on callin me
I'm floatin free on the highway, formulatin plans
Can't wait til I see L.A., cause it's so scandalous


Aiyyo.. how the prettiest bitch be the more scandalous the hoe be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like fifteen, fuckin with a nigga 35
Gettin him for ends
Hoes these days is way too motherfuckin intelligent
When these niggaz get to trickin, hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game, bout so long
Watch them hoes
All you niggaz out there
Beware these lyin ass scandalous bitches


You find an MC like me who's strong
Leavin motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I gets deadly as Kahn though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those
Who can withstand, the mo' power I gain
and make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck ya brain
Imagine and keep on wishin upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded
would it be the greatest MC of all time
When I created rhyme for the simple fact
When I attack I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
for me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride
breakin in gas with the six-eight all day
In and out with my pay
I'm soon to count the bodies...



So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with tha nigga you facin
We must be based on nothin better than communication
Known to damage and highly flamable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waitin
No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that asss shakin
I'm bustin and makin motherfuckers panic
Don't take ya life for granted put that ass in the dirt
You swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation
but thugged out, forgive me Janet
Who's in control I'm acvtivatin yo souls
You know, the way the games get controlled
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fuckin rhyme I wrote
Takin off my coat, clearing my throat



I got my mind made up, come on... (come on)
get in get in too [get on it]
let it ride (get wit it) tonight's tha night
I got my mind made up, come on...
get in get in too
let it ride... tonight's tha night



Well I comes through with two packs
of the bomb prophalaks for protection
So my fuckin sac won't collapse
Cause nowaday's, shit's evading the x-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electryfing like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfuckin poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's tha fuckin bom-bay
Ya got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay
My rhymes, I leave a mark on ya mind
As the deadly vibes spread through ya head like sand pine
There's no escape, nah I ain't blastin
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin
Opposed to laughin, raw maniacal villian
Laughter enhances the chances of tha killin
Why is that? Cuz smilin faces decieve
You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip ya throat and make it hard to breathe
Ya whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes
My verbal snipe, your vocab on site
I'm out tha cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split tha bricks on the wall
Ya already have an idea about tha superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of tha equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat



Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers
like Hitler, stickin up [jews] wit german [lugers]
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this mess-age don't touch tha dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket -- blaooow!!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen
Half of my Clan's three deep felons
Niggaz best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel
Man I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical
All up in your motherfuckin mouth
Head banger boogie
Catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and fallin fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast



Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin tha criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on ya whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
to get the fresh package of bless, tha dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from tha rear block
to bust til every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold ya nose and blow out til ya ears pop
Since ya crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot
With, this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst
Then proceeds like keys
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit ya fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it
I'm the one pushin the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
choke, off this anecdote got you ope
Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for nine nickel (INS tha rebels)
West, list this, this, this...

 


Love tha way you agrivate your hips
and push your ass out
gotta nigga wantin'
it's so bad
i'm about to pass out
wanna dig you
and I can't even lie about it
baby just eleviate your cloths
time to fly up out it
catch you at a club
oh shit, you got me fiendin'
body talken shit to me
but I can't comprehend the meaning
now if ya wanna roll with me
then here's ya chance
doin 80 on tha freeway
wait police, catch me if they can
forgive me i'm a ridah
still i'm just a simple man
all I want is money
fuck tha fame
i'm a simple man
Mr. International
Playa with tha passport
just like a ladder bitch
get you anything you ask for
it's either him or me
champagne, Hennessy
a favorite of my homies
when we floss on our enemies
witness as we creep to a low speed
peep what a ho need
puff some more weed
funk, ya don't need
approachin' hochies with a passion
been a long day
but i've been drivin' by attraction
in a strong way
your body is bangin'
baby I love it when ya flaunt it
time to give it to daddy nigga
now tell me how you want it...



How do you want it
How does it feel
Comin' up as a nigga in tha cash game
Livin' in tha fast lane
i'm for real



Tell me is it cool to fuck ?
you think I come to talk
am I a fool or what ?
positions on tha floor
it's like erotic
ironic
cause i'm somewhat psychotic
i'm hitten' switches on bitches
like i been fixed with hydraulics
up and down like a roller coaster
come up beside ya
I ain't quitin' till tha show is over
cause i'm a ridah
in and out just like a robbery
i'll probably be a freak
and let you get ontop of me
get her rockin' these
nights full of Alazhay
a livin' legend
you ain't heard about these niggas played in cali days
Deloris Tucker
you's a muthafucker
instead of tryin' to help a nigga
you destroy a brotha
worst than tha others
Bill Clinton
Mr. Bob Dole
You too old to understand tha way tha game is told
your lame
so I gotta hit you with tha high facts
won't someone listen ?
makin' millions
niggas top that
they wanna censor me
they ratha see me in a cell
livin' in hell
with only a few of us to live to tell
now everybody talken about us
I could give a fuck
I'd be tha first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga tell me how you want it.....



How do you want it
How do you feel
Comin' up as a nigga in tha cash game
I'm livin' in tha fast lane
i'm for real



Raised as a youth
tell truth
I got tha scoop on how to get a bulletproof
cause I jump on tha roof
before I was a teenager
mobile phone
Skypager
game rules
i'm livin' major
my advasaries
is lookin' worried
they paranoid of getten' buried
one of us gonna see tha cemetary
My only hope is survive
If I wish to stay alive
getten' high
see tha demons in my eyes
before I die
I wanna live my life and ball
make a couple million
and then i'm chillin'
fade'm all
these taxs for me crossed up
with people tryin' ta sue me
media is in my business
and they actin' like they know me
but i'ma mash out
peel out
i'm murder quick
that's with the whip'n fucken steel out
yeah nigga, it's some new shit
so better get up on it
When ya see me
tell a nigga how ya want it
How do you want it ?



How do you want it
How does it feel
Comin' up as a Nigga in tha cash game
Livin' in tha fast lane
i'm for real


 Up out of there
(chuckles)
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Snoop] Pump that up G
[Tupac] Ahh shit, you done fucked up now --
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
You done put two of America's
most wanted in the same
motherfuckin place at the same
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Break out the champagne glasses
and the motherfuckin condoms
Have one on us aight??
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party



Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun, cuz they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown, the shit's about to go down
Uhh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm "Losin My Religion", I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin
Niggaz be actin like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nuthin but love, for my niggaz livin lavish

I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
and I, think I got a black Beamer
but my dream is to own a fly casino
like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
and get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted


Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Tupac] Nuthin but a gangsta party...
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party



Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what??
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now dissapear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

It's like cuz, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard til ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted



Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy



My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggaz I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
when ready, stay watchin now figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggaz that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trick on the hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I wanna be a livin legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin game, with no more pain



I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane 
Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed sure you heard of all the
sure you've heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggaz to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin, my glock's spittin rounds
niggaz fallin down clutchin they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggaz on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggaz don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin no more pain



Bury me that's what they all say, it's time to make a killin
Sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say? Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggaz from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin it ain't nothin we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, baptised the public
Now you hard thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin so watch the guns bust
You niggaz'll bleed, fuckin with me you'll be deceased
Never restin in peace nigga, with no more pain




Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggaz, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain

Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin
And jealous niggaz, hahaha, see y'all niggaz
Motherfuckin niggaz are shit
Hey


Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know what I mean
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggaz, skanless cunts, fuckin C.E..O.'s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin these motherfuckers choices
Niggaz can roll with us, or they can be rolled under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggaz kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiiiide!







The blind stares
of a million pairs of eyes
lookin' hard but won't realize
that they will never see
the P


give me my money in stacks
and lace my bitches with 9 figures
real niggas fingers on nickle plated 9 triggas
Must see my enemies defeated
i'm cashin'
while they coughed up and weeded
open fire
now them niggas bleedin'
see me in flesh
and test
and get your chest blown
straight out tha west, don't get blown
my adversaries cry like ho's
open and shut like doors
is you a friend or foe ?
nigga you ain't know ?
they got me stressed out on Death Row
i've seen money
but baby I got to gets mo'
you scream and go
'2Pac'
and I ain't stopin'
till i'm well paid
bails paid
now nigga, look what hell made
visions of cops and sirens
niggas open fire
buncha Thug Life niggas on tha rise
until I die
ask me why i'm a Boss Playa gettin' high
and when i'm rollin' by
Niggas Can't C Me



The stares of a million pairs of eyes
and you'll never realize
You can't C Me..



Been getten worried that these square muthafuckers with nerves
sayin they can get with us
but picture me gettin' served
My own mama say i'm thuged out
my shit be bumpin out tha record store
as if it was a drug house
my lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
nigga what ?
It ain't nothin but a party when we thug
and there I was
a young nigga with heart
ain't had shit to loose
pullin' my pistol on them fools
you know the rules
D-R-E you got me heated
my words like a penatentary dick
hittin' bitches where it's most needed
money and weed
Alazay and Hennesse
To my Thug niggas in lock down
witness me
bail on these ho's in floss mode
tha life of a Boss Playa
fuck what ya thought tho'
my enemies deceased
die like a bitch
when my album hit tha streetz
Niggas Can't C Me

Niggas Can't C Me



Which way did he go George
Which way did he go
Which way did he go
Which way did he go



You niggas made a mistake
you shoulda never put my rhymes with Dre
them Thug niggas have arrived and it's Judgement Day
Hey Homie if ya feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me
that they missed
they ain't killed me
I can make a muthafucker shake
rattle and roll
i'm full of liquor
thug nigga
quick to jab at them ho's
and I can make ya jelous niggas famous
fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a niggas aim is
i'm just a rich muthafucker from tha way
If this rappin' bring me money
then i'm rappin' till i'm paid
i'm getten green like i'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these ho's
and see how many I can go through
Look to the star
and visualize my debut
niggas know me, playa
I gotta stay true
don't be a dumb muthafucker
because it's crazy after dark
where the true Thug niggas see ya heart
Niggas Can't C Me....



Niggas Can't C Me
(Right before your eyes, i'll disappear from here) You niggas Can't C Me, hahah
(You Can't C Me) I know it's hard nigga, i'm all up in your face
But you still Can't C Me
(You Can't C Me) All up in your range, but niggas Can't C Me
(20/20 vision won't visualize) I'm in tha flesh baby, but you Can't C Me
(All tho' glasses won't help you realize) You blinded
You blinded
You Can't C Me
(You Can't C Me)
Thug Life baby
Don't believe everything you read
Alazay and weed (You Can't C Me)
(Right before your very eyes, You won't even visualize)
(You Can't C Me)
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't C Me, hahaha
I dedicate this, to you PUNK Muthafuckers hahaha
this ones for you big baby hahah
cause you bitch ass niggas Can't C Me
Niggas Can't C Me
(ooooww)
(ooooww)
(You Can't C Me)
(See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil)
(You won't C Me)
(First C Me, Now ya don't)
(Wanna C Me, but ya won't)
(Come to C Me, but ya Can't)
(ooohhh, You Can't C Me)
(You Can't C Me)
(Right between your eyes, you'll never realize)
(Right before your eyes, you won't even realize)
(Visualize what you Can't C)



Say he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug
Said he wanna be
One day he's gonna be
Said he's wanna be
Shorties gonna be's a Thug
Said he's gonna be
One day he gonna be
Say he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug
Said he gonna be
One day he's gonna be
Said he wanna be
Shorties gonna be a Thug



He was a nice middle class nigga
But nobody knew the evil he'd do When he got a little bigger
Get off the final blaze
While puffing on a Newport
plottin' on a another way to catch a case
Was only sixteen, yet convicted as a felon
With a bunch of old niggas
But you the only one who ain't telling
I tell you it's a cold world, stay in school
You tell me its a man's world, play the rules
And fade fools, 'n break rules until we major
Blaze up, getting with hoes through my pager
Was raised up, commencing to money makin' tactics
It's getting drastic, niggas got automatics
My fingers on the trigga, Tell the lord
To make way for another straight Thug Nigga
I'm sitting getting buzzed, looking for some luv
from the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug



Straight from the Hall to the Penn
Adolescent nigga scaling weight and standing Six feet Ten
He carried weight like a Mack truck
Gonna bust on some playa haters
if the mutha fuckas act tuff
Then thats when the lethal weapon with the razor
This little nigga smoking weed and getting blazed up
No one could figure, when the guns blast pull the trigga
Could take the life of a young nigga guns bigger
No mother and father, you see, the niggas all alone
Old timers my role model, the war zone
Released with this game 'til its a part of me
My heart don't beat no fear and it ain't hard to see
The future is looking dim
I'm trying to make a profit out of living in this sin
I'm in the dark getting buzzed, looking for some love
out with the homies, cuz shorty wanna be a Thug



Shorty gonna be a thug

You little bad ass nigga, to the young niggas
gotta stay sharp nigga, play your part
you got plenty of time (you bad mutha fuckas)
You only get three mistakes, then thats life, big baby (niggas craaazy)
watch the signs
Damn, you ain't but sixteen nigga?
Sixteen?!
That's a bad muthafucker


Holla At Me

(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound *so funky*
we be throwin' down)

This goes out to you playa
you know...you know who you are


Gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me



Are you confused ?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside tha shoes
of a nigga who don't have a thing to loose
When me and you was homies
no one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a niggas dreams
how could you do me like that ?
I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket
made you a man again
and now you let tha fear put your ass in a place
complicated to escape
It's a fools fate
without your word
your a shell of a man
I lost respect for you nigga
we can never be friends
I know i'm runnin' through your head now
what could you do ?
If it was up to you
i'd be dead now
I let tha world know nigga you a coward
You could never be live
until you die
see tha mothafucken bitch in your eye
Type of Nigga, that let tha evil of tha money trap me
when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me (holla at me)
can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me



(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

So I gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
so when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)



courious
spittin' lyrics
on tha verge of furious
i'm addicted to currency
nigga that's why we're doin this
I got shot up, I surprised tha niggas tha way I got up
and then
I hit the studio
It's time to blow tha block up
No hesitation
this information got you contemplatin'
heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
break him
and let him see tha face of a mental patient
it's a celebration
of my criminal elevation
with the participation
I want members across tha fifty states
to keep tha nation anticipatin' until we break
will I be great, is it my fate ?
to live tha life of luxury
some niggas bought my tapes
so much jelousy it scares me
so be prepared
cause only tha strong survive
life isn't fair (fair)
probably never knew tha way it feels to die
so you figure fuck with me
I give that ass a try
Nigga, Holla at me



(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhh....)



I shoulda saw tha signs
I was blinded
criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
so many brothas framed in this dirty game
it's a shame
so much pressure on my brain
while she blame me
Secrets in tha dark
only her and I know
now i'm sitten' in tha state pen
doin time for slow
guess she made a bad decision
that got me livin'
just like an animal
i'm caged up in state prison
my niggas dissin'
cause
hell have no fury like a woman scorn
A cemetary full of mothafuckers got not knowin'
picture my prophecy
tha cops are attacking me, on top of me
i'm runnin' from tha coppers
but never let'em stop me
cause i'm a soulja
hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies
of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid
trust
a no no
love is a mystery
Fuck tha po po,
Holla at me.....
So when you see me nigga
you better holla at me....



(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound (so funky)
we be throwin' down)



(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhhhh, heeeeyyy, ohhhhh nooo noooo noooooo)


Wonda Why They Call U Bytch



You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.
You wonda why they call U bitch
You wonda why they call U bitch.



Look here Miss Thang
hate to salt your game
but yous a money hungry woman
and you need to change.

In tha locker room
all the homies do is laugh.
High five's cuz anotha nigga
played your ass.

It was said you were sleeezy
even easy
sleepin around for what
you need

See it's your thang
and you can shake it how you wanna.
Give it up free
or make your money on the corner.

But don't be bad and play the game
get mad and change.
Then you wonda why these muthafuckas
call you names.

Still lookin' for a way out
and that's OK
I can see you wanna stray
there's a way out.

Keep your mind on your money,
enroll in school.
And as the years pass by
you can show them fools.

But you ain't tryin' to hear me
cuz your stuck,
you're headin' for the bathroom
'bout to get tossed up.

Still lookin' for a rich man
you dug a ditch,
got your legs up
tryin' to get rich.

I love you like a sista
but you need to switch
and that's why they called
U bitch, I betcha.



You leave your kids with your mama
cuz your headin' for the club
in a skin tight miniskirt
lookin' for some love.

Got them legs wide open
while you're sittin' at the bar
Talkin' to some nigga
'bout his car.

I guess he said he
had a Lexxxus, what's next?
You headin' to his car for some sex

I pass by
can't hold back tears inside
cuz, lord knows
for years I tried.

And all the other people
on my block hate your guts
Then you wonda why they stare
and call you slut.

It's like your mind don't understand
you don't have to kill your
dreams ploten'
schemes on a man

Keep your head up, legs closed, eyes open
either a nigga wear a rubber or he die smokin'
I'm hearin' rumors so you need to switch
and niggas wouldn't call you bitch, I betcha.



I guess times gettin' hard
even harder for you
cuz, hey now, got a baby
on the way now

More money from the county
and thanks to the welfare
you're about to
get your hair done.

Got a dinner date
can't be late
trick or treat, sweet thang
got anotha trick to meet.

The way he did it
it was smooth
plottin' while he gamin' you
So baby, peep tha rules.

I shoulda seen it in the first case
the worst case
I shoulda never called you back
in the first place.

I remember back in high school
baby you was fast
straight sex
and barely move your ass.

But now things change
cuz you don't look the same
let the ghetto get the best of you
baby, that's a shame

Caught HIV and now you 'bout to be deceased
and finally be in peace.

So where your niggas at now
cuz everybody left
they stepped
and left you on your own

See I loved you like a sista
but you died to quick
And that's why we called U bitch, I betcha.



Dear Ms. Deloris Tucker
keep stressen me
fuckin' with a muthafucken mind
I figured you wanted to know
you know
why we call them hos bitches
and maybe this might help you understand
it ain't personal
strictly business baby
strictly business

So If you wonder why we call U bitch
You wonder why we call U bitch
If you wonder why we call U bitch
You wonder why we call U bitch


When We Ride

Bow down to somethin greater than yourself trick
Individuals capable of enormous amounts of chin checks and eye swolls
They know
You watchin but you ain't seein what lies before you, beatch
Picture if you will seven deadly human beings
blessed with the gift of speech, the power to reach
each nigga on every street
May the Heavenly Father look down and be proud
of what transpired since the day the seed was planted
The G grew but we knew he'd rise up quick
Smoked out, loc'ed out, all into shit
Just me and my dogs livin like hogs
Outlaw Immortalz
What follows is the story, what proceeded was the glue
What lies between is the fiction
Don't fuck around and make it true


Hahahahahaha
My adversaries crumble when we rumble it's a catastrophe
I pull revenge on bitch niggaz that blasted me
Plus my alias is Makaveli
A loaded three-fifty-seven with hollow points to a nigga belly
Bust him to see if he bleed, he shoulda never fucked around
with a sick-ass nigga like me
They call my name out and niggaz run, best be prepared
for the Outlawz, here we come




Thug nigga till we die, no mercy
on these playa hatin bitches, ask me why - when we ride!
Thug nigga till we die, no mercy
on these playa hatin bitches, ask me why - when we ride!





Hahahaha, Outlaw Immortalz baby
Y'all niggaz can't fade this ol crazy shit
Makaveli, Hussein, Kastro, Khadafi, Mussolini
Amin, Naploleon, Khomani
What y'all really wanna do?
Haha like them niggaz said
"What would you do? If you could fuck with me and my crew"
Hehahahahaha, Thug Life, yeah nigga
Flashin on niggaz
Thug Life right? This year we Thug Life
But we Outlaw Immortalz
We die nigga, but we multiply, we like legends nigga
Like I'll make you famous motherfucker
I'm talkin about Newsweek and Time Magazine and all that ol good shit
My niggas make the papers baby
My niggas make the front page
Multiple gunshots [fades]

 



Aight, new drink
one part alazhay one part chrystal
Thugs Passion baby
y'all know what time it is
This drink is Gauranteed to get the pussy wet and the dick hard
now if ya with me
Pour a glass and drink with a nigga
know what I mean ?
I ain't trying to turn you all niggas into alcholics
Alcholics (ha ha)
I'm just trying to turn you into muthafuckin thugs
So come and get some of this thug passion Baby

I could pull out the drink
and be good 'till it's relavent but
I'm a straight solider, I'll roll up a nigga
like its Heaven sent
Tripping over dead presidents
they got these derelicts
I throw was down with this business
Tryin' clown and get a cent
and so rather
than stand forever, been thinking
drinking over a felony
and hell of me and how it will be some other shit
People telling me to cool out
But they ain't feeling me
a mutha fuckin fool 'bout
my fuckin cheddar cheese
and it pleases, passion of mine
Thuggin huggin plenty of G's
and laughing while I pass through times
And all thes back stabbers be watchin
Just keep it plain
I'm a keep it the same partner
Just take it the simple game
I can pinkle with the rain twinkling
diamonds and thangs go plinklin
enough to hold me, til' I'm, old and wrinklin
and These adversaries
they gonna have to be worrying
cuz I'm a be illing
Fufillin my Passion
Till I'm burryin'
My Thug Passion



I heard it's the bomb
and you got it going on
give me some of your Thug Passion Babby
You got me dripping wet
from the way you make me sweat
give me some of your Thug Passion Babby
owwowwwowwww



Now what if me
turn this Henessee
into a robbery
the Prophecy probably suddenly
switch and How it supposed to be?
And Dirty money
Can't be evil cuz it's filling up my tummy see
Born in a position
Death collision
was futuristic
twisting riches
But there is only one way to make mo'
so I'm standing on the corner
trying to hustle in the snow
and My bigga bro
couldn't know
but buy a four four
blasting at playa hating
wantin' mo'
with a Thug Passion



Putting down mashin'
control by this Thug's Passion
unlike them other bustas pistol blastin'
I'm asking, What Happened?
To the niggas who kept it real
like they claim to
that's when I bang do
see thang true
Traveling this road my poor soul
has been consolidated
with all this bullshit I done tolerated
How I made it
can easily stated
it's like my heart be gripped with the Passion
to be the fucking greatest
Load up and take shit



Make this to some high dollar gangster shit
jack a stack till we got enought bank to split



Creep with me
through that Imortal flow
Thug Passion got you tremblin'
like Death on the Row
make your move
so I can throw your mind a curve
while i'll be blowin up tha scene
like my nigga Mr. Herb
take a toke
as your heart goes full arrest
I got tha bomb
so nigga, fuck tha rest
ya need a 3rd to get ya flowin'
and let that loc see smoke
feelin' tha strokes of tha nine squeeze tight and slow


They say money don't make tha man
but damn i'm makin' money
observin' you muthafuckers
cause some of you bitches funny
say you want it
but you bullshitin'
lickin' them lips
you got me about to act a fool quick
sippin' on some Alazay and Cristal, meanwhile
buy me a drink
and get to winking at me
she smiles
a niggas full of passion
Satisfaction is everlastin'
How does it feel ?
what i'm askin'
while i'm rubbin' on that ass
why you laughin' ?
see, i'm diggin' as if i'm curious
full blown and furious
baby get a grip
when I be doin' this
It's so physical
my attraction
driven by alchol
beware of my reaction
baby i'm born to ball
thugged out on Death Row
You better recognize
and picture what I said so
Now you can feel it
it's a potion for my niggas in motion
forever blastin'
bitches ain't ready for this Thug Passion








In today's music news: the ever controversial Tupac Shakur has
just released another album under the alias Makaveli.
Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artist
street dates, in fear of a wipeout in retail interchart movement.
Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album;
resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers
have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character
of not only Mr. Shakur, but of Death Row Records as well.
Nas, the alleged ring leader of it, is furious at Tupac
excuse me Makaveli's verbal assault
on Mobb Sleep, Notorius P.I.G., and several other New York rappers
Jay-Z, from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever
and several other corny sounding motherfuckers
are understandably shaken up by this release.
The question everbody wants to know is --
why'd they get this nigga started?
Tupac, rather Makaveli, was not available for comment
but released this statement:


It's not about East or West
It's about niggaz and bitches, power and money,
riders and punks. Which side are you on?


These niggaz is still fuckin talkin?
You niggaz still breathin? Fuckin roaches, aight
Aight, it's the Raid for your cockroaches

(All day, everyday)
It's the raid for you punk motherfuckers
(The pump in yo' ass)
This is it nigga! Killuminati style
(Outlaw lifestyle)
Makaveli the Don, solo shit - bring it!


Allow me to introduce first {*gunshot fires*} Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like the holy Qu'Ran
Niggaz get shook like 5-0
My forty-five gun's next to me when we ride, for survival
Money makin plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes cause they breath freely, see me ride?
Located world wide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dopefiend's titty.. huh
In every city you'll find me
Look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggaz down to die for me, knahmean?
I hit the scene niggaz duckin from my guillotine stare
I'm right there; my every word, a fuckin nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs down to die for yours
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in 'em
Cut 'em down.. to Hell is where we send 'em
My whole team, trained to explode ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically, and I'm not gon' cry
Me - a born leader never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them my bitch nigga eaters
And not a whimper 'til I'm gone
Thug Life runnin through my veins so I'm strong
(Ha ha ha)

Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggaz but I'm not gon' cry
I'm a Bad Boy killa, Jay-Z die too
Lookin out for Mobb Deep, nigga when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggaz down to die for me? Yeahh-yeayy!
West coast ridah, comin right behind ya
Should've never fucked wit meeee
I want money hoes sex and weeeed
I wont rest till my road dawgs freeee, bomb first!


We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first


For so many days and some many ways we've been duckin strays
They delivers, but we still some Bad Boy killers
Got nuttin to lose, I gots no where to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli, be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission
Sent to do, what you'll never do
and that's ride for the cause
Yes I'll die for the cause
Ya best believe if I'ma leave this bitch
Yo I'm dyin with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a muh'fuckin Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game, for the motherfuckin cash mayne
then what is your motherfuckin purpose? None can serve us
E.D.I. Amin born worthless
That's until the day, I decided to bomb first BEATCH!!


Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin patent leather
Causin massive terror, y'all niggaz lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper half drug kingpin
Yer tellin fairy tales dunn
"King of New York," like you the motherfuckin one?
But I'm from Jerz and we don't play that shit
From the Claire down to Newark Bricks, all my niggaz flippin chips
Gettin rich, even though it's hard
Tryin to creep through these halls and brawls
without scarred by a revolv'
with no warnin signs, cause yo my man took five
Now I'm the young one with the nine, ready to put in my time


Shoot first, look at they head burst bleedin
Don't want to hear no shit this evenin, believe me
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first
We, bomb first when we ride
Please, reconsider 'fo you die
G's, and thug niggaz on the rise
Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first



Makaveli in this... Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Uhh, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me; eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh



Come with me, Hail Mary
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la


I ain't a killer but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein quoted
Peeped the weakness int he rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God hoping that he's listenin
Seein niggaz comin for me, to my diamonds, when they glistenin
Now pay attention, rest in peace father
I'm a ghost in these killin fields
Hail Mary catch me if I go, let's go deep inside
the solitary mind of a madman who screams in the dark
Evil lurks, enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break, to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupted, fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggaz is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

Penetentiaries is packed with promise makes
Never realize the precious time the bitch niggaz is wastin
Instutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble, we ballin
Catch me father please, cause I'm fallin, in the liquor store
That's the Hennessee I hear ya callin, can I get some more?
Hail til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin in my bedroom; I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do
One life to live but I got nuttin to lose, just me and you
on a one way trip to prison, sellin drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin, life as Thugs
To my homeboys in Quentin Max, doin they bid
Raise hell to this real shit, and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be down in the dark
Thuggin eternal through my heart, now Hail Mary nigga


They got a APB, out on my Thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets, like these skanless freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K blasted off Hennessee and Thai
Tryin it, mixed it, now I'm twisted blisted and high
Visions of me, Thug livin gettin me by
Forever live, and I multiply survived by Thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin with slugs


Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin on around me
Brain kinda cloudy, smoked out feelin rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever in that motherfucker
Nasty new street, slugger my heat seeks suckers
on the regular mashin in a stolen black Ac Integ-ra
Cock back, sixty seconds til the draw that's when I'm dead in ya
Feet first, you got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a Thug to preachin church, I gave you love now you eatin dirt
Needin work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond when I was broke I had to hustle til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
hold ya head and stay up, to all my niggaz get ya pay and weight up


If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealin with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealin with fate, hoping God don't close the gate


We've been traveling on this wayward road
Long time til I be take a 'eavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, Hail Mary
We won't worry everyting will come real
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry everyting will come real
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, Hail Mary


Westside, Outlawz, Makaveli the Don, Solo, Killuminati, The 7 Days


Toss It Up



The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin war we got
My other Capo in this big ass, conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who he comin through right now, Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

(Toss it up!)
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supllied yo' phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversatin, we relaxin, kickin back
Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
Tongue kissin, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you movin in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweatin up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespectin when I tongue kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, gettin busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your, hips and glide
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got ya lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shakin back-breakin when we're tossin it up


In this baby, I like the way it's goin down
When all that is around, slip slide ride
Givin me love nice like
Female I like, what I wanna give all night
You and me alone everybody's gone toss it up
Baby let's, get it on!
I like the way you please me, babe
The sexy way you tease me, sugar
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me, I like the way you give it to me!




Ohhh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm that want you lady
Ohhh, don't act so shady, baby your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
Now the man, I'm here again
Don't worry to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty to the lung delight-ah
Bag it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me!!


Do you want me what's your phone number, I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Lookin for suckers cause you similar
Pretendin to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screamin Compton, but you can't return, you ain't heard
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we Untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushin you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust, only time reveals -- toss it up!


Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about Compton
and then wanna do a player song?
How can non-players do it? (We not little kids, we not playin)
Tellin lies, who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touchin us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street boy
It's on
Toss it up, we took you on, and we took y'all beat
You know we beat you down, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rockin it right
Tired of suckers rockin it, toss it up, is how we did it
Yeah, toss it up now!

 





No doubt... to live and die in LA
California -- what you say about Los Angeles
Still the only place for me that never rains in the sun
and everybody got love



To live and die in LA, where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggaz hustle for the cash so it's hard to knok it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasin
Worldwide through the hard times, warrior faces
Shed tears as we bury niggaz close to heart
What was a friend now a ghost in the dark, cold hearted bout it
Nigga got smoked by a fiend, tryin to floss on him
Blind to a broken man's dream, a hard lesson
Court cases keep me guessin, plea bargain
ain't an option now, so I'm stressin, cost me more
to be free than a life in the pen
Makin money off of cuss words, writin again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset likin the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga got me lost in hell
To live and die in LA on bail, my angel sing



To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it, what everybody wanna see


It's the, City of Angels and constant danger
South Central LA, can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watchin the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggaz gettin three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell, I can't cry
Cause it's on now, I'm just a nigga on his own now
Livin life Thug style, so I can't smile
Writin to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinkin Cali just fun and bitches, hahaha
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggaz copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love woman
Cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of Thug in him
We might fight with each other, but I promise you this
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
To live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)



Cause would it be LA without Mexicans?
Black love brown pride and the sets again
Pete Wilson tryin to see us all broke, I'm on some bullshit
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw -- MLK
Automatics rang free, niggaz lost they way
Gang signs being showed, nigga love your hood
But reconize and it's all good, where the weed at?
Niggaz gettin shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this muhfucka perved out, M.O.B.
Big Suge in the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, wit a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggaz with me, OFTB
They got some hash took the stash left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hopin it pay
Gettin high watchin time fly, to live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)



This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumpin my shit
Makin my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum, hehe
This go out to all the magazines that supported me
All the real motherfuckers
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all y'all motherfuckers
LA, California Love part motherfuckin Two
Without gay ass Dre


God has a plan -- and the bible unfolds that wonderful plan
through the message of prophecy
God sent Jesus into this world to be our saviour
And that Christ is returning, someday soon
to unfold the wonderful plan of eternity, for my life and your life
As long as we're cooperating with God
by accepting Jesus Christ as our personal Lord and saviour
And as the Lord does return in the coming seven days
We'll see you next time here on This Week in Bible Prophecy


Tupac don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed -- and I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me -- remember what my pops told me

My family tree, consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin, known to hustle screamin fuck they feelings
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this
Niggaz, get off your ass if you plan to be rich
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know, niggaz gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now rule one -- get your cash on, M.O.B.
That's Money Over Bitches, cause they breed envy
Now rule two is a hard one, watch for phonies
Keep yo', enemies close nigga, watch yo' homies
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me I smiled
Picture jewels being handed, to an innocent child
I never knew in my lifetime I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an outlaw, studying rules
Now papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
or come to grips with bein on my enemy's wall (rest in peace)
Promised if I have a seed, I'ma guide him right
Dear Lord don't let me die tonite
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nuttin free, give back what you earn, no doubt
Gettin higher than a motherfucker, blessed and pleased
This Thug Life'll be the death of me, c'mon, yeah

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy



Love for dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie but holdin my bird in a cloud
Usin de name of de Lord in vein
While de people in de ghetto, feel nuff pain


We probably in Hell already, our dumb asses not knowin
Everybody kissin ass to go to heaven ain't goin
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin devil niggaz daily
Plus the media be crucifying brothers severly
Tell me I ain't God's son, nigga mom a virgin
We got addicted had to leave the burbs, back in the ghetto
doin wild shit, lookin at the sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled the fat one, I'm deadly -- Babylon beware
Comin from the Pharoahe's kids, retaliation
Makin legends off the shit we did, still bullshittin
Niggaz in Jerusalem, waitin for signs
God promised, she's just takin her time, haha
Living by the Nile while the water flows
I'm contemplating plots wondering which door to go
Brothas getting shot, comin back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga check it (that raw shit)

And I remember what my papa told me
Remember what my papa told me, blasphemy


The preacher want me buried why? Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead, that's eternal fire
Why you got these kids minds, thinkin that they evil
while the preacher bein richer you say honor God's people
Should we cry, when the Pope die, my request
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama tell me am I wrong, is God just another cop
waitin to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin up cash
to the leaders, knowin damn well, it ain't gonna feed us
In my brain how can you explain, time in D.C.
It's hard enough to live now, in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a kind man, well he should understand
times in this crime man, my Thug nation
Do whatchu gotta do but know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I leave this and hope God can see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? I leave this here
I leave this and hope God see my heart is pure
Is heaven just another door? And my people say



Our father, who art in heaven
Hallow be thy name
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
In earth, as it is in heaven
Give us this day, our daily bread
As we give up our debts
As we forgive our debt-ors
Lead us not into temptation
but deliver us, unevil
For God, is the kingdom, and the power
and the glory forever, and ever, and ever

 

Life Of An Outlaw

In the life we live as thugs,
Everbody fuckin wit us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man.
Ridin wit my gun in hand.

Why explain the game? Niggas ain't listenin.
Stuck in positions. If victims can't stand the heat,
Then stay the fuck out the kitchen.
Have these bustas switchin, lookin at me mean.
Itchin, givin suckas plenty space.
Have these bitch niggas snitchin.
Where are we now? Guns found daily.
The feds surely hope that they could finally nail me for sellin dope.
They backwards, make tracks burst whenever I rap.
Attack. Words bein known to explode on contact.
Extreme at times. Blinded by my passion and fury.
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin my jewelry.
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me. Truely effective.
The shit you heard ain't do me justice. Got a death wish, bitch.
Run up, face me and trace wit an infared beam.
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team.
Ain't nobody holdin you back. Explode the track to confetti.
Unload it. Cuz niggas ain't ready. The life of an outlaw.



Code 3. Attack formation. Pull out your pistols.
Keep an eye out for the devils cuz they itchin to get you.
Mercy to this madman screamin kamikaze in tongue.
Automatic gunfire makin all my enemies run.
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin.
Indeed the possibility has part a chase in cream.
Dope got me hatin fiends. Scheam wit my team, just a chosen few.
My foes victim of explosives. Come closer. Exhale the fumes.
We got memories fadin fast. A slave for cash.
Accelerate, mash, blast, then dash.
Don't look now. How you like it, raw.
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the outlaws. Never surrender.
Death is for a son to stay free. I'm thugged out.
Fuck the world cuz this is how they made me.
Scarred but still breathin.
Believe in me and you could see the victory.
A warrior with jewels. Can you picture me?
Life of and outlaw.


City under siege. It's like I can't even breathe.
I'm from the state of car theives. G, deep from the street.
Plenty beef. I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene.
Mobb Deep. This nigga from behind tryin to creep.
No halfs wit no straps, jack.
It's on to bounce back.
And an ounce so fat, they snatch my style ?
Get this grip wit hollows to get cha.
Snip wit clippers. Get the picture?
I wrote my life down like a scripture.

And I'm still on lost in the land of the lonely.
Where ain't nobody holy. A matter of a fact, we unholy.
Everybody livin soley for themselves. Too hostile on a land hell.
Somebody need me. You know we lost hope and we needin it.
Wit the evil it's forever. But it might be low down, scandalouz
Like a tramp is. All for the street fame on how to be managed.
To plan shit. 6 months in advaced to what we plotted.
Approved to go on swole and now I got it.

Un uh, crack my window. Knowin they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin.
Attach a strap under my pillow and a hand like we freakin.
Creepin deep into morning. Peepin out the weak.
While they yawnin and let my cloud speak for it's self.
No doubt. Outlaw. Outta my mind, outta time. You're all blind.
Some kind of life of mine Kato don't mind.
Findin it funny, matter of fact, cuz it is.
Perhaps finally I look at that true over the years as an outlaw.
Eh, Noble.
What's up nigga.
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah.
Would you kill for me?
On my grandmother, nigga.
Ah yo.
What's up.
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now.
Watch out.

Well now they all say they roaches and parasites.
Snakes and all they might
Thug Life break night.
Drink till we fist fight.
Life or death. But you can't win with a vest.
But there won't be no breathing for the reason
Punk bitch on your breath.
I see day is dark and I admit it's dark.
So chase ?
Beware foolin marks.
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left for PO's belly.
And let me bust back to them niggas till they all sweaty.








Open Fire

"Alright now, here we go"



Tell me, how many real motherfuckers feel me? I smoke a blunt
and freak the funk until these jealous motherfuckers kill me
I'm out the gutter, pick a hero
I'm 165 and staying high til I die, my competion's zero
Cause I could give a fuck about you, better duck
Or I'll be forced to hit yo ass up I give a fuck
I'm sick inside my mind, why you sweatin me?
It's gonna take an army full of crooked ass cops to come and get me
Niggaz know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggaz trip and yo it's on
Open fire on my adversaries, don't even worry
Better have on a vest aim for the chest and then you buried
It's a man's world, niggaz get played, another stray
Hope I live to see another day, hey
I'm getting sweated by these undercovers, who can I trust?
Got my mama stressin thinkin it's a drug bust
Gotta get paid but all the drama that's attached
We living a Drug Life, Thug Life, each day could be my last
Will I blast when it's time to shoot? Don't even ask
That's the consequences when ya livin, fast
Six bricks of tricks, for my niggaz, I gotta come up
and recoup, you keep the dope just bring me six figures
Is it a bust? I hear the sirens, run for cover
over the fence and open fire

"Alright now, here we go"



These motherfuckers on my ass I'm in traffic, will it be tragic?
I'm comin round the corner like I'm Magic
Doin ninety on the freeway, and hittin switches
In a high speed chase with these punk bitches
Don't turn around I ain't givin up, cause they don't worry me
Pussy ass bitches better bury me
Runnin outta gas time to park it, I'm on foot
We in the hood, how the fuck they gon catch a crook? Haha
I got away cause I'm clever
Went to my neighbors for a favor now you know players stick together
I watch the scene from the rooftop, spittin loogies
at the coppers that persue me, beotch!
I be a hustler til it's over, motherfucker
Open fire on you bustas

"Alright now, here we go"



Don't try to follow me, I'm headed outta state
I gotta pay my fuckin bills, so I'm transportin weight
Change my plates, pick up my nigga, and now we rollin
Droppin keys like they stolen, hehe
Tell me who do you fear? I'm outta town until the coast is clear
Enough dope to last a year
They got me running from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin down a dirt road
But I ain't goin alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
I hit the corner doing ninety, ahhhh shit!
Them bitches right behind me
They take a shot and hit my fuckin tires
Now, jump out the car then I open fire, sucka!

Hahahaha, Thug Life!




Now up and at em it's on, I was raised to be strong
And Mama told me be a Thug since the day I was born
I came up, out the gutter never changed my style
Got for real about my papers, cause the game was wild
And the fame was a plot to try to change me
And what's strange is nobody knew my name 'fore it came
Now the whole world is calling me a, killer
All I ever did, was try to reach the kids with the real
All the time I was ballin, never heard my friends callin
Couldn't stop myself from fallin, I'm all in
Shit's gettin sleazy, believe me
Best to take what ya need, but don't be greedy
Cause in my mind, I see sunshine, I thought
I didn't have to run, now I'm duckin from the gun yellin, 'One-Time'
Take your time to feel my record, and if you did
chill a second, my blind method, will still wreck it
My young homies stay strong
I wonder if they'll listen to a nigga when he gone, R U Still Down?



I'm gettin high, so a nigga think he touch the sky
Turn tough inside, in the rush to die
Livin life as a Thug time to face the truth
What's goin on with the wasted youth, please God
come and save me (save me), had to work with what ya gave me
And got a nigga goin crazy
I can't read the signs, I'm blind, but a nigga know
he need his nine, cause times, they ain't what they used to be
Ain't a penitentiary built big enough for me
and my niggaz on the streets, man listen
Cause these ain't the old days
Ain't no way I'ma bustin my ass and gettin no pay
It seems I can't find my focus, and homey I ain't paranoid
I seen the future and it's hopeless
Lord knows, its hard on a young scrub
It seems I had less problems when I slung drugs
But since I'm tryin lace niggaz with the game
wanna see me locked in chains, tryin to dirty up my name
And them same motherfuckers that was callin me
Will be the first to turn their backs, when I'm fallin, see
I should have seen it from the jump, but now it's clear
This one nigga got the town in fear, but R U Still Down


I wrote this for my critics and my, enemies
Last year ya used to love me, huh REMEMBER ME
Now ya hate me with a passion, tryin to get me stuck in the mix
I'm stayin sharp, got no time for them tricks
And now they wonder if I'm goin to jail
Just as well, cause my life on the streets - a living Hell
And I can't sleep, they got my phone tapped, and mercy Lord
Come get me 'fore they hurt me
Ran outta tears, and through the years couldn't change me
My daddy left me alone, and so I'm angry
I never did nothin wrong, my mama told me, "Baby it's on"
And now I'm hustlin and bustlin bones
Never said it came easy, I'm makin cheese
Buyin all the things on TV, and gettin skeezed
Wish my homeboys could see me now
Little bad motherfucker runnin wild through the town
Please tell me, R U Still Down?

R U Still Down, to raise em up? Remember me [repeat 2X]
R U Still Down, to raise em up?

R U Still Down, to raise em up? Remember me [repeat 3X]
R U Still Down, to raise em up?

R U Still Down, to raise em up? Remember me [repeat 3X]
R U Still Down, to raise em up?

That's right y'all, give them bitches the motherfuckin middle finger
RAISSSSE em up
These hoes can't fade me, don't these bitches know we crazy?
Thug Life, niggaz, be, the sickest
You feel me? Now get that shit written down
God damn!
Took four years and a motherfuckin case for these motherfuckers to feel me
Ain't that a bitch?

R U Still motherfucking down?
Old hoe ass fake ass niggaz
We out this motherfucker


Hellrazor


Major! Hell motherfuckin yeah
This one goes out to my nigga Mike Coolin, hell yeah
Mama raised a hellrazor... born thuggin
Heartless and mean, muggin at sixteen
On the scene watchin fiends buggin
Kickin up dust with the older G's
Soakin up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot, I learned
not to trust the bitch from the prostitutes, was taught lessons
A young nigga askin questions while other suckers was guessin
I was ganked for sexin
Elementary wasn't meant for me, can't regret it
I'm headed for the penitentiary, I'm cuttin class
and I'm buckin blastin, straight mashin
Mobbin through the overpass laughin
While these other motherfuckers try to figure out, no doubt
They jealous of a nigga's clout, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? I keep my finger in the trigger
Cause some nigga tried to kill me
and mama raised a hellraizor, everyday gettin paid
Police on my pager, straight stressin
A fugitive my occupation is under question
Wanted for investigation, and even though
I'm marked for death, I'ma spark til I lose my breath
Motherfuckers, every time I see the paper
I see my picture, when a nigga's gettin richer
They come to get ya, it's like a motherfuckin trap
And they wonder why it's hard bein black
Dear Lord can ya feel me, gettin major, unhh



Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
Lord be my savior, unnh

Mama raised a hellrazor
[2Pac] Dear Lord can ya feel me
Stress gettin major, unnh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major

Tell me Lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time, everybody's dyin
Mama raised a hellrazor, can't figure
Why you let the police beat down niggaz
I'm startin to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the po' babies restin in the early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin else to do but have faith in you
Dear Lord I live the life of a Thug, hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes, I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
crooked cop killin Glock, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see niggaz burn
Every nigga that I know's on death row
My younger homie's seventeen and he paid a price
Little young motherfucker doin triple life
Though I tell him in his letters, it's gettin better
If my nigga knew the truth he'd hit the roof
Just heard ya baby's mama was smoked out, fuck the drama
Wanna break my Loc out, smokin blunts
Gettin drunk off that Tanqueray gin
Bout to break my nigga out the fuckin pen
Mama raised a hellrazor, uhh, yeah
C'mon, uhh, mama raised a hellrazor
Uhh, dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin major
(Lord be my savior, unnh)



Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major
Lord be my savior, unhh

Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin major

Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin please come and SAVE ME
THE WHOLE WORLD done made a nigga crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin die motherfucker and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, I cause shit
Thug Life motherfucker, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin high til the bury me
Dear Lord if ya hear me, tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha, had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it, it shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news I see busta girl killin 'Tasha
Now I'm screamin fuck the world, in the end
it's my friends, that flip-flop
Lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop
Thug Life motherfucker I lick shots
Every nigga on my block dropped two cops
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a nigga be strapped, fucked up, and high
with my hands on the trugger, Thug nigga
Stressin like a motherfuckin drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a Thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die

 




Fuck 2Pac that nigga ain't shit
that nigga ain't from muhfuckin' New York
That nigga be out there with them Cali niggas
Yo nigga man fuck Pac that nigga West Coast
that fucker that always with them New York niggas
seen them with that nigga man that nigga ain't from the West Coast
Man fuck Pac fuck that nigga that nigga ain't really down
rapin' ass nigga I didn't do it fuck it with that nigga
fuck that nigga man fuck that nigga let that nigga go to jail right
and fuck that nigga fuck that nigga fuck you too nigga


I'm in this muthafucka
I guess these muthafuckas tryin' to take me out the business right
I guess I ain't East Coast enough for my niggas back in New York
and I ain't West Coast for these niggas on the West huh?
Fuck e'rybody

Heh heh heh...
Thug style out this muthafucka niggas throw ya hands in the air
If you got Jeep make ya speakers pop
I want muthafucking police trying to pull niggas over on this one
We taking this one to the whole 'nother level gutter style Thug style
You feel me, things that we can only do as a real G
We ain't dead yet, feel me!!



I got my Hennessy find ya foes
in a room full of niggas tryin' to hide ya hoes
I'm getting high off buddha
'Cause the times be slow
I keep my mind on dough
you never find me broke
and who meee a nigga livin' life like a G
in that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep living in these wicked times
peep, niggas after me 'cause they see I'm stacking G's and heat
You can holler if you want to pleeease
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew beeee
enemies and my range is on
you're in the danger zone
my fuckin' game is strong, Hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
from hustling and busting them rhymes
to my niggas up in Quentin
Down on Riker's Isle stay rile
But a nigga gotta use his styles
These,



Niggas don't know my style
quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These,
Niggas don't know my style
quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style



I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
it's like they stuck
from making niggas duck from Glocks all the time
my mind's full of thoughts of ends
I'm still rolling my bucket but I bought me a Benz (tadow)
My fake friends say they love me but I know they lie
cause in the dark see they hearts' full of homicide
My mama cried when they took me off to jail
only me inside the cell
Straight locked up in this hell
I hear some sucka screaming like the demon's inside
will 'em away in the morning
Only the strong survive
I cry but in my own way
Swallow my pride pick a reason to hide
from all the niggas that die (Rest in Peace)
cemetary full of brothers I buried
It's going down even now I wonder
will I still be around my hometown is the gutter
I was born a wild came up out this dust
with my heartless style
These,



I remember Uptown huh got to get to listenin'
to Mr. Magic cuttin' up the hits
and even though I had habit makin' words rhyme
I was caught up in the madness
Juvenile thugs come on
I tell the whole story nothin' but truth
Halloween throwin' eggs from the project roofs
and Pete and Lee young G's
with a gift of gab and tryin' to hook up with the hookers
who was quick to stab remember mama's cooking
No school straight hookin'
and tryin' to get with light skinned
cause she good looking
And jumpin' over turnstiles 'cause we ain't paying
call the cuties cuss words but we only playing (biotch)
I'm prayin' I can get a buck no luck
I had to move around a lot
'cause my moms was stuck
I had family but I was way too wild
had to move to the West to regain my style
These,




Where Do We Go From Here (interlude)

Power.. pow.. power...

Guess who's back? Hahaha, here we go
It's ninety-fo', what's next?

Power.. enter my world

I guess this year gonna be a motherfucker for real niggaz
I swear these playa haters done got a taste of power
It ain't all good in the hood
Least not on my side, from where I stand
And the law? Man, fuck the law!
Niggaz must outthink, outstep, and continuously outsmart
the motherfuckin law, in every way
Key word in ninety-four is 'down low'
Gots to be struggling
I see how the rich got theirs
Nigga I'm legit, shit
Where do we go from here?
(Who's afraid, of the punk police?
To my niggaz run the streets, fuck peace) -- [repeat in background]
Heyyy niggaz, where your heart at?
See motherfuckers killin babies, killin mommas
Killin kids, puttin this in they motherfuckin mark
Now what type of mixed up trick would kill the future of our race
before he would he look his enemy dead in the eye, and open fire?
These crazy motherfuckers got toys with guns
Jails for guns, but still, no god damn jobs
And they wonder why we loc'n up
Where do we go from here?
Where do we go?
[singers singing variations of 'Where do we go from here']
All you niggaz out there
The clouds shook, the world listened
We stood together in April of ninety-two
With duty, and a sense of honor
There is no limit to what WE can achieve
That's all on us... us...
Not my niggaz, not the whites, not the enemies
or none of them motherfuckers, US
What can WE do? Shit
I declare a death sentence to all child molestors
Fake-ass bitches, male and female
And all you punk-ass snitches
We can do without your asshole
Let no man break, what we set
Where do we go from here?

Rest in peace, to Cato, I miss you
All the other real G's that passed away in ninety-three
In ninety-four, and more
What do we do? For us?




 

There's no way to survive in the city it's a shame
Niggaz die from my hollow-point bullet to the brain
Will I survive or will I die is what I wonder
Puffin on blunts and gettin drunk to keep from goin under
Gettin lost in the madness, blunted gettin tipsy
Got my pistol out the window screamin, "Lord come and get me"
Am I sick, or am I just another victim?
Unloadin my clip, I'm watchin every bullet spit when I kick em
Niggaz die from automatic gunfire
Your time to expire, nobody cry every man gotta die
When they bury me, they bury me a G
Rest in peace, to all the homies got to heaven before me
Pour some liquor on the curb for the niggaz that's caught
Had a motherfuckin ward but he didn't go to court
God damn, and one day we'll all be together
Until then I'm ready for whatever, c'mon

(Yeah, niggaz movin somethin in the nine-trey
It's all about makin money, gettin yours
And knockin coppers off the motherfuckin planet
Word to the motherfuckin nine nigga
We gonna make this motherfucker ours
If they don't feel me, they gon kill me
So Syke, get skanless nigga)


Am I going to Hell or will I reach Heav-en? (hell naw)
After all this shit I did with my Mac-11
Did I sell my soul? Mama woulda saved me
That's the way that daddy raised me
Oh God, help me I'm losin it
So fuck it! Take me I'm doin it!
I need to change and look for a better way
I got a hundred round clip to my AK
Commitin sins I might die in vain
So fuck it! We'll live off the street fame!
God didn't send me in the right direction
I'm gettin hit by a diesel in the intersection
I know you're out there help a young brother (hear me)
Til then I'ma smoke motherfuckers
Things wouldn't be so bad
if we got the things that we never had, I'm ready for whatever

(Hahahahaha, that's my motherfuckin nigga there
Big ballin-ass Syke
Yeah nigga, you schooled them young bustas
on how it is to be a real motherfuckin G
In the nine-trey motherfuckers is dyin daily so you best be packin
If you ain't, boo-yaow motherfucker!)


Dear mama I know you worry cause I'm hardly at home
Every other night in jail, got you patient by the phone
Wanna shake it cause I can't take it got me livin in Hell
Like I'm walkin with a secret that'll kill me if I tell
I live the Thug Life and can't nobody, change me
Not to the brain, going insane, just a part of the game
So much caine in the fast lane, finally a dry eye
When I die, bury me with my fo'-five
And let the devil feel the wrath of a nigga
Goin to Hell with my finger on the trigger
Now everybody's starin
Got a nigga losin hair and they wonder if I'm all there
Well don't blame me, blame the flame that flickers
when niggaz gettin richer (mo' money)
Now tell me if you wanna live forever
Niggaz dyin so be ready for whatever

(Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
Thug Life niggaz and we be ready for whatever
Let me go like this, ready for whatever
Huh, Big Syke he be ready for whatever
My nigga Kato, ready for whatever
Pain, he's ready for whatever
And my nigga Bam Bam, he ready for whatever
My nigga Banks just be ready for whatever
Modu, he's ready for whatever
Big Serg, we ready for whatever
Charlie Tango, ready for whatever
My nigga Pac, be ready for whatever
Yeah, ready for whatever
Ready for whatever
My big-ballin ass nigga Boom, ready for whatever fo' sho'
Yeah, you know!
This how the player's do it
I know you standin there confused
You wonderin -- what type of nigga is a Thug Life nigga?
Yeahehehehe nigga, we be the ballin player-ass nigga
About gettin riches, bitches, and plenty loc
Ya hear me?)

Ready for whatever

 

Them bitches is foul, take a look at the evening news
You'll see a nigga gettin cuffed by the boys in blue
Is it a, frame up, tryin to keep me out the game, stuck
These motherfuckers tryin to dirty up my name, but
I'm slippin quick as the wind, it's me or them
Fuck friends my foes be on a mission tryin to do me in
Fuck 'em I'm bout to get out, they all soft
I blow up like gauge, and in a rage blow they balls off
Why are you niggaz tryin to test me trick?
And be the first ones to snitch to arrest me bitch
Main thang was to make a nigga meal ticket
Only if you with the real, the nigga will kick it
I'll enforce it with the steel use the lessons that I learned in jail
Rule one: fuck a busta he can burn in Hell
Network with connects that I got in the pen
In no time I'll be clockin again


Still sittin in my cell as I dwell on my past
Tryin to figure how a nigga turned dreams into cash
Quick call her collect, ain't no respect on the other side
My cellmate's suicidal cause his mother died
And my C.O. is a lady, and I'm thinkin maybe
me and her can hook up a scheme, to be Swayze
Cause she keep on callin me baby
To a young motherfucker facin eighty that's enough to make you crazy
Now how long will it take, to get her hooked
Got her watchin me liftin weights, sneakin looks
I devised a plan, I'm in the trunk while she drives the van
Ain't no disguise I'ma die as a man
If we make it then I'm takin it to Hell
All them niggaz that was frontin while I sat up in the cell
Locked in jail, I couldn't touch her so I planned your misery
The nigga you don't wanna see


Stuck in my cell
The pen ain't nuttin like the county jail
When will they let me bail?
Walkin through the yard, I play the God
First nigga disrespect me first nigga gettin scarred
I'm, back on the scene
I'm hittin knees in the back of a limousine, puffin on weed
as we game on the drunk hoes
Hit the skunk I reminisce just on the way
we used to play, you punk hoes
What I posess is to be rich, in currency
Paranoid niggaz like bitches when they come and see me
Laid out, played out, the nigga barely breathin
As for that bullshit punk, nigga n-now we even
But I wait, until it's time
and try to find a crooked way to profit off this crime
This life of mine.. until I get free
My prophecy is niggaz screamin, as if they bleed in agony
As soon as they popped my gate
I knew these motherfuckers made a mistake


When I get free
Hahaha.. yeah nigga, when I get motherfuckin free
Pop the gate, I'm back baby!
When I get free.. we up out this bitch

 

Hold On Be Strong

Hold on... [lighter flicks up]
Yeah it's gonna be alright, don't trip baby [inhales]
It'll get better... [coughing]

Ay do this Thug style main, Thug style
When this whole beat drop we just gon' run it to em bet
It's all good, uhh

I never had much, ran with a bad bunch
Little skinny kid sneakin weed in my bag lunch
And all through Junior High, we was just gettin by
And drivebys robbed my homies of their young lives
I never did cry, and even though I had
pain in my heart, I was hopeless from the start
They couldn't tell me nothin, they all tried to help to help me
The marijuana had my mind gone it wasn't healthy
I travelled places, caught cases, what a ill year
I felt the pain and the rain but I'm still here
Never did like the police, let the whole world know
Now I gets no peace, cause they chasin me down
And facin me now, what do I do?
These thangs that a Thug goes through
And still I rise so keep ya head up, and make ya mind strong
It's a struggle every day but you gotta hold on



Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

There's, never a good day, cause in my hood they
let they AK's pump strays where the kids play
And every Halloween, check out the murder scene
Can't help but duplicate the violence seen on the screen
My homies dyin 'fore they get to see they birthdays
These is the worst days, sometimes it hurts to pray
And even God turned his back on the ghetto youth
I know that ain't the truth, sometimes I look for proof
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto, and if it does
Does it matter if you blood or you cuz
Remember how it was, the picnics and the parties in the projects
Small time drinkin gettin high with them armies
Just another knucklehead kid from the gutter
I'm dealin with the madness, raised by a single mother
I'm tryin to tell you when it's on
You gotta keep your head to the sky and be strong, most of all hold on



Hold on, be strong
I know them ain't tears comin down your face
When it's on it's on but
Wipe your eyes
Hold on, be strong
In this world
When it's on it's on but
Only the strong survive y'know
Hold on, be strong
Hmm, I know it's hard out there
When it's on it's on but
Welfare
Hold on, be strong
AIDS, earthquakes
Cause when it's on it's on but
Muggings, carjackings
Hold on, and be strong
Yeah we got problems
Cause when it's on it's on but
But believe me when I tell you
Hold on, and be strong
Things always get better
Cause when it's on it's on but
God don't like ugly
Hold on, and be strong
And God don't like no quitters
Cause when it's on it's on but
You know what Billie Holiday said bay-bee
Hold on, and be strong
God bless the child that can hold his own
Cause when it's on it's on but
Y'know?
Hold on, and be strong
You got to stand strong
Cause when it's on it's on but
And when these bustas try to knock you out your place
Hold on, and be strong
You stand there to they face
Cause when it's on it's on but
Tell em hold on, and be strong
Hold on, and be strong
The game don't stop
Cause when it's on it's on but
Hmmm
Hold on, and be strong
This here is black main
Cause when it's on it's on but
If you don't never leave nothin, learn one thing
Hold on, and be strong
It don't stop, til the casket drop
Hold on
Thug, for Life... feel me?
All my homeboys and my homegirls, stay strong
When things get bad, especially come the first and the fifteenth
Stay strong, and stay ballin, hold on
I'll catch y'all at the next life, we in traffic


I'm Losin It


Straight out the motherfucking bay
Here we go


Lord help me, save me, Mama keep praying
For a young motherfucker trying to duck an early grave
In the city where ya can't tell the snakes from the fakes
Fakes from the phonies, enemies of homies
Around the corner there's another nigga waiting to jack
He don't know I got a glock 'til his ass get shot
Like a motherfucking thug disease
Craving beats like they motherfucking drugs to me, hey
What's up with bitches trying to screw me? Do me cause I did a movie
Throw the pussy to me but before they never knew me
Rather die then let ya play me for a, buster
And with my glock I'm a plotting ass rotten motherfucker, huh
Don't let the movie fool ya, let me school ya
Screaming Thug Life nigga when I do ya
I'm going crazy, getting dizzy
And then I suffacate a motherfucking breather bring me back
I'm telling ya I'm losing it


Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

I'm going crazy, niggas can't fade me
On the real I kill when I step to ya fucking grill
So let me kick it let me flip it let me get wicked
I'm not a buster from the hood selling whooped tickets
I hang with G's flipping keys and smoking weed
I get the cash and dash and never learn to read
So fuck a bitch fuck a hoe and I let ya know
Because they come and go like the wind blows
What am I giving how I'm living what I'm giving up
You can take my life and I don't give a fuck
Cause I'm the trouble most coming from the west coast
Where the niggas is banging 'til the overdose
Killers and murderers, psychos and lunatics
Nobody knows what makes my mind click
Is it the demons, screaming inside of me?
Hell no it's just the Thug Life mentallity
I'm going crazy shit don't phase me
I'm living like a thug 'til six niggas carry me
Death is on the trigga so pull it
I can't take it no more, nigga, I'm losing it


Shit was talking to me, my gat screamed fire
The bullet told me shoot that motherfucker he's a lier
I talked to me 3-80 like a bitch on a stroll
When my niggas try to ????
Nigga, I can't get fucked in this game I'm a psychopath
My AK told me to shove him up some niggas ass
I'm having long conversations with Mr. Millometer
He's one of my best friends bitch ass nigga eater
And Miss Mossburg love it in the back trunk
You know that old school bitch she like to get it funked
And spitting motherfuckers by the seems
My grand daddy Mr. AR-15
By the evil motherfucker
Talked me into taking over a dope turf and shooting cluckers
Said he was my only family
Shoot straight, and please don't jam me
Got in a fight at the club my gat started talking
Told me to shut the fuck up and let him do the talking
I woke up and it was sick to see the guts hang
I'm going nuts man
Shit was talking to me


Look here little nigga
Most of these niggaz be bitches too
but you'll never hear that side of the story
So uhh, we finna do this shit like this

It's like I tell my niggaz, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga done stick and wet his dick
and then get tricked out all his riches by a -- BITCH!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you alla that just cause she let a nigga toss her
It's like a motherfuckin priveledge
So don't give up your conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that tramp whassup
And if she hesitate, nigga hang up, worrrd up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfucking mack tonight
Stay that stay strapped cause my raps is tight
You fuckin punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches

(God, damn! You can't just hit them niggaz with that game
and expect them to accept it; girl your heard me it gets skanless.
But we gonna kick this shit like this here)



I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin ass niggaz and you punk ass snitches


Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin jimmy
Broke hoes runnin round yellin "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin caught you creepin for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin hoes at?
Punk niggaz can't fade the mack, livin fat
Gettin paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin bitches

Yeah, yeah that's my motto
She educated a whole bunch of you old raggedy-ass niggaz
So y'all take that shit back to y'all camp and uhh
you sleep on that there, it's like



Oh you too nigga, don't think we ain't talkin bout your punk ass
You old fake ass nigga
Standin there wearin all them Pendletons and khakis and all that
You soft as a motherfuckin grape
Ain't this a motherfuckin bitch
I can see right through your flower ass
Some of these niggaz is bitches too, man I tell ya
It's gonna be harder and harder to be a Thug in ninety-fo'
but we gonna do this shit
Y'all take this shit and you play this shit for every single
fake ass bitch out there
And there's plenty of em
You probably got one sittin next to you right now
Bobbin his fake ass head to this, dope ass shit that he listenin to
Fake ass motherfuckin bitch, die in ninety-four


Do For Love


Turn it up loud
Hahaha, ahahaha, hey man
You a little sucker for love, right?
Word up, hahahahaha

I shoulda seen
you was trouble right from the starrrrt, taught me so many
lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
we had some problems but we workin at it, and now
the arguments are gettin loud, I wanna say
But I can't help from walkin out just a little way
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be a man it just wasn't me
But now I'm searchin for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin me to come back, I'm a sucka for love
that's right, sucka for love



What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up


Just when I thought I broke away and I'm fellin happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So
now I'm back
to makin promises to you, tryin to keep it true
What if I'm wrong, a trick to keep me on and on
Tryin to be strong and in the process, keep you goin
I'm bout to lose my composure, I'm gettin close
To packin up and leavin notes, and gettin ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I'm feelin low, losin control
My heart is sayin leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
when we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin calls at the house, guess you cheatin
That's all I need to hear cause I'm leavin, I'm out the do'
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you've been cheatin, I'm a sucka for love
damn, sucka for love... sucka for love
sucka for love



Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still
stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings'll go away
It wasn't always a hit and run relationship
It use to be love, happieness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I shoulda seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your
eyes
Preoccupied with gettin tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don't worry bout it we can do it now I'm under pressure
Make a decision cause I'm waitin, when I'm alone
I'm on the phone havin secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
but I need your faith in me, I'm a sucka for love
sucka for love, know you ain't right G but yet I'ma sucka for
love



I'ma sucka for love, sucka for love
Sucka for love




 

Letter to the President

Uhh.. dear Mr. President
Whas happenin?
I'm writin you because, s**t is still real f**ked up in my neighborhood
Pretty much the same way, right around the time when you got elected
Ain't nothin changed
All the promises you made, before you got elected..
.. they ain't came true


Tell me what to do, these ni**az actin up in the hood
Send mo' troops, dear Mr. President
(Me and my homies is wonderin what's goin on.. holla!)
Tell me what to do, these ni**az actin up in the hood
Send mo' troops..

Why should I lie, when I can dramatize?
ni**az fell victim to my lyrics, now traumatized
Simply by spittin I've been blessed given riches, enemies suspicious
cause I'm seldom in the company of bi**hes
Plus the concepts I depict, so visual, that you can kiss
each and every trick or bi**h, inside the s**t I kick
My heaviest verse'll move a mountain
Casualties in ma*s amounts, brothers keep countin
f**k the friendships, I ride alone
Destination Death Row, finally found a home
Plus all my homies wanna die, call it euthanasia
Dear Lord, look how sick this ghetto made us, sincerely
yours I'm a thug, the product of a broken home
Everybody's doped up, ni**a what you smokin on?
Figure if we high they can train us
but then America f**ked up and blamed up
I guess it's cause we black that we targets
My only fear is God, I spit that hard s**t
In case you don't know, I let my pump go
Get ?ride for M'Thulu? like I ride for Geronimo
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President

Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
(What should I do?)
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops


Oh youse a ball in the White House, I hope you comfortable
cause yo I spend my nights out, with the lights out
under the safety of darkness, amongst the crazed and the heartless
and young soul bros, ready to rode a starship
Launch it, leave a ni**a flat for scratch, the Godless
I gotta get chips, but you can't understand that
Wanna ban rap? Stand back, before you get hurt
It's the only thing makin pay besides smoke and work
On a mission listen more chips my goal and position
First on my decision I realized the same ni**a
Trippin to drastic measures tryin to get stacks of cheddar
Muh'f**kers hate cops, wait it ain't gettin better
But you keep, tellin us, that it is
while your motherf**kin troops keep killin our kids, dig
Don't be surprised if you see us
Dumpin with nuttin but artillery to free us, motherf**ker

Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops


Strapped and angry, with no hope and heartbroke
Fightin first my trained brain until it's not so
It's hostile, ni**az lick shots to watch the glocks glow
Cadres of coppers patrol us like we some animals
And it ain't no peace, my peace a piece on my streets
to people beefin and things, squeakin on they beefs for weeks
Mr. President, it's evident, nobody really care
for a struggle out the gutter, twenty-two with gray hair
I was raised to raise hell, frail and my heart stale
So I'ma bring hell to earth until my heart fail
But y'all play fair, give me and mine, I'll share
Til y'all show us you care, it's gon' be mayhem out here
Me and these 223'sll freeze the biggest with ease
I'm still a ni**a you fear, bring the beast to his knees
and I've been born to represent, for that I've been heaven sent
And I meant, every word, in my letter, to the President

s**t is still f**ked up y'all
And y'all wonder when it's gon' get better
and it ain't gon' get better


Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up..

Heavenly Father may I holla at you briefly
I wanna meet the President, but will he meet me?
He's scared to look inside the eyes of a Thug ni**a
We tired of bein scapegoats for this capitalistic drug dealin
How hypocritical is Liberty?
That blind bi**h ain't never did s**t for me
My history, full of casket and scars
My own black nation at war, whole family behind bars
And they wonder why we scarred, thirteen lookin hard
Sister had a baby as an adolescent, where was God?
Somewhere in the middle of my mind
is a ni**a on the tightrope, screamin let him die
Can't lie I'm a thug, drownin in my own blood
Lookin for the reason that my momma's strung out on drugs
Down to die, for everything I represent
Meant every word, in my letter to the President


Blacks is broke, think it's a joke that we livin low?
Y'all sniffin blow and postin what they hittin fo'?
Tell the secretary it's necessary we get paid
Look what you made, little kids gettin sprayed
Day after day, and night after night
Battles and wars to the daylight
We might change and rearrange if you do somethin
Til then we gonna keep it comin, Mr. President
Hehe
And I meant every word in my letter to the President
[2Pac]
Word motherf**kin life
f**k this ni**a think?Cuttin taxes, takin off welfare
We 'sposed to just sit here, go broke and die, starvin?
Motherf**kers crazier than a motherf**kin ??
ni**a this Thug Life, Westside Outlaw Immortalz ni**a
We fin' to hustle til we come up

Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops
Dear Mr. President, tell me what to do
These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops

Dear Mr. Clinton, s**t
It's gettin harder and harder for a motherf**ker
to make a dollar in these here streets
I mean s**t, I hear you screamin peace
But we can't find peace
til my little ni**az on these streets get a piece
I know you feel me cause you too near me not to hear me
So why don't you help a ni**a out?Sayin you cuttin welfare
That got us ni**az on the street, thinkin who in the hell care?
s**t, y'all want us to put down our glocks and our rocks
but y'all ain't ready to give us no motherf**kin dollars
What happened to our 40 acres and a mule fool?
We ain't stupid
Think you got us lookin to lose
Tryin to turn all us young ni**az into troops
You want us to fight your war
What the f**k I'm fightin for?
s**t, I ain't got no love here
I ain't had a check all year
Taxin, all the blacks and
police beatin me in the streets
f**k peace

These ni**az actin up in the hood, send mo' troops


Still I Rise

Dear Lord
As we down here, struggle for as long as we know
In search of a paradise to touch (my ni**a Johnny J)
Dreams are dreams, and reality seems to be the only place to go
The only place for us
I know, try to make the best of bad situations
Seems to be my life's story
Ain't no glory in pain, a soldier's story in vain
And can't nobody live this life for me
It's a ride y'all, a long hard ride


Somebody break me I'm dreamin, I started as a seed the semen
Swimmin upstream, planted in the womb while screamin
on the top, was my pops, my momma screamin stop
From a single drop, this is what they got
Not to disrespect my peoples but my poppa was a loser
Only plan he had for momma was to f**k her and abuse her
Even as a little seed, I could see his plan for me
Stranded on welfare, another broken family
Now what was I to be, a product of this heated pa*sion
Momma got pregnant, and poppa got a piece of a*s
Look how it began, nobody gave a f**k about me
Pistol in my hand, this cruel world can do without me
How can I survive? Got me askin white Jesus
will a ni**a live or die, cause the Lord can't see us
in the deep dark clouds of the projects, ain't no sunshine
No sunny days and we only play sometimes
When everybody's sleepin
I open my window jump to the streets and get to creepin
I can live or die, hope I get some money 'fore I'm gone
I'm only 19, I'm tryin to hustle on my own
on the spot where everybody and they pops tryin to slang rocks
I'd rather go to college, but this is where the game stops
Don't get it wrong cause it's always on, from dusk to dawn
You can buy rocks glocks or a herringbone
You can ask my man Ishmael Reed
Keep my nine heated all the time this is how we grind
Meet up at the cemetary then get smoked out, pa*s the weed ni**a
That Hennessey'll keep me keyed ni**a
Everywhere I go ni**az holla at me, "Keep it real G"
And my reply til they kill me
Act up if you feel me, I was born not to make it but I did
The tribulations of a ghetto kid, still I rise


Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry


I stay sharp as always
Runnin ya bricks with blitz, through ya project hallways
Dumpin crews like two's, ni**a all day
Secrets of war prepare me for the worst
A life that's lavish full of cabbage or a life that's in a hearse
But now my dreams it seeems though, be placin triple beams and things bro
Diamond pinkie ring got the loot poppin out my jeans


Now I plan to keep my glock cocked
If trouble was searchin for me then why not?
Show em what I'm made of plus raised on, on my block
Chancellor Ave, where many turn to the street, thugs snatchin bags
We out for power, makin cash it wasn't fast it'll make me mad
I'm just like, pimpin
My homey on the corner with his gat tucked, in
Youngest they buckin somethin the life he leads
the life he don't need, don't we all know
He tryin to rise up and we just go doe, still he rise


Dreams of lost hope
I hit the strip broke where the fiends get coke
and still I rise now I float cowards ghost
Whenever we come around, I'm runnin down
clutchin a pound, live as sirens, duckin the sound
I used to hustle with my moms til the sun came
My homey Harm doin time from this drug game
Stolen cars, war scars, born a Outlaw
Behind bars, go to sleep just to see the stars
Freedom is ours, though we trapped on a firm block
Crackheads only ten learn to duck cops


In ninety-six my glock's my plastic, pa*sion for blastin bastards
No faces for open caskets, peelin ya cap backwards
Ya cowards ain't prepared for pistol practice
I send my missiles through your mattress
Leavin holes in your body like a cactus
While me and my crew be boppin more greens than topic
and loot to keep the seams in my motherf**kin jeans poppin
Leavin ya spleen to pick up
Half of you ni**az is softer than a Snicker
Let's go to war and see who draw quicker
and still I rise, and still I rise...


Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry

Still I (still I) I rise (I rise)
Please give me to the sky (the sky)
And if (and if) I die (I die)
I don't want you to cry


Y'all ni**az fake
All day everyday
So now I got roller blades, bi**h
Thought you knew
Your mouth is rich
C'mon pops, let's go..


Secretz of War



You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz


War Time
War Time, it's either yourz or mine
Outlawz be on a grind, and a mission to shine
And ride on em', leave em' stuck and fucked from the gate
Set it straight, regulate
wit' a bomb I'm about to detonate (Boom!)
Hesitate, aww, now you know what
ya'll niggaz were here to go
If you know it was good for ya
Buncha toy souljahs all dressed in fatigue
But I'm Edi Amin on a mission to make em bleed
Nigga what?, Nigga who?
It was cool? and at you?, what the fuck is gone do?
Barbecue and boo-hoo
Ride or die, get money all at the same time
Split the pie with the homie, ball at the same time
Any nigga splippin', fall at the same time
We all links in the chain, tryin to gain, do time
We all see the sunshine
But when you could do yourz, we'll bring these muthafuckas war



You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz


As I approach the scene, from smokin' green
Got my eyes closed, niggaz so cold on my foes
I make em' die froze
Watch me make em' bleed, make em' G's
Lord help me wit'it
Got me paintin' pictures of a mil-ticket
Help me get'it
See me and pray for options
but the pressures nonstop
Niggaz get the pistol poppin'
And watch they body drop
I'm a lethal threat, watch me hit your set
Flash on, blast on them bitch-made niggaz wit' my mask on
Do it for profit, plus I'm, lookin for punks to bust on
If you ain't screamin' WestSide, you can get the fuck on
I'm seein' demons hittin' weed
Got me hearin' screamin'
Scared to go to sleep, watch the scene like a dope-fiend
Probably be punished for it, though you can't ignore it
I live the life of a thug nigga, and die for it
Niggaz pass the clip and watch me bring em to the floor
I got some shit that they ain't ready for (What you got?)
I got the Secretz of War



You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz


We do this thug life shit, like 4, 5, 6, dick em'
Down wit' no rounds left up in the pound when the sounds (Here we go)
Squeeze the lead off, I blow his mutha fuckin' head off
Signal all the other outlawz to get this shit set off
Yaki Kadafi, it ain't a cop here to stop me
These streetz is black hockey and raw we get sloppy
Put a pamper on your silly ass prestyle grammar
Locked in the slammer, while I'm layed cocked back like a hammer
Ya'll newly weds that in honey moons, times bout up
Ya'll, that means I leave no trace found with you face, bounce, stuck
Your pig scanners can't come close touch or even hit me
Doin' my dirt, puttin' in work, you see shit, what you gonna do?



You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
Yo, we go to war


We check the murder rate percentage
Niggaz is finished
Get blood checks from clinics
This thug shit is in us
Flowin' through my system, you a victim
Blunts, I twist em', fuck the whole world
It's us against them
you got some heat? Pull it out
Cock the hammer if you wit' it, don't make
No difference here, with the 25 to life sentence
We already doin' life on the streetz
Like algae, niggaz be heated, when they walkin' the beat
This shit is flaky, makin' backs shaky, niggaz hate me
Scared to face me, knowin' that the Outlawz blaze me
Pull me up on game, put me up on a hustle
Once I suck my money muscle, all the G's got devils
Movin' shit like a dollar, beatin' niggaz like Rodney
Turn a killa like Kadafi, and a nuke stream to stop me



You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
You either ride wit' us, or collide wit' us
It's as simple as that for me and my niggaz
We go to war


Bring it on
And all you lil' young ass souljahs
You play this shit back about fifteen times
You'll have enough game to roll up in a club or somethin
Teach these bitches a lil' somethin', you know what I mean?
Secretz of muthafuckin' War....


Baby Don't Cry (Keep Ya Head Up II)


I feel you {uhh} .. (baby don't)
but you can't, you can't give up
{Hey.. 2Pac what?}


Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {Outlawz}
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {Keep ya head up}


Now here's a story bout a woman with dreams
So picture perfect at thirteen, an ebony queen
Beneath the surface it was more than just a crooked smile
Nobody knew about her secret so it took a while
I could see a tear fall slow down her black cheek
Sheddin quiet tears in the back seat; so when she asked me,
"What would you do if it was you?"

Couldn't answer such a horrible pain to live through
I tried to trade places in the tragedy
I couldn't picture three crazed ni**az grabbin me
For just a moment I was trapped in the pain, Lord come and take me
Four ni**az violated, they chased and they raped me
Even though it wasn't me, I could feel the grief
Thinkin with your brains blown that would make the pain go
No! You got to find a way to survive
cause they win when your soul dies


Baby please don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {never give up}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {never give up}
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry


Uhh
Forget him girl (forget him girl) he ain't gon' never change
ain't no hater but that ni**a lost in the game
After the bright lights and big thangs
he probably could loev you, but he in love with the struggle
Everyday, his mind on gettin mo' (gettin mo')
and never your feelings, he's chasin millions fo' sho'
Uh oh (uh oh), now you bout to have his baby? (dayamn)
Another wild-a*s ni**a that's gon' drive you crazy
You got too much, mo', livin to do - I'm spittin this to you,
cause you deserve more than what he givin to you (that's right)
Beautiful, black, precious, and complicated
A new millennium dime piece, so fine she
got em all stuck standin still when she come through
Baby take a little mo' time, love'll find you
And show us the sky's blue somebody other than me
gon' give you everything you need, feel me?
{Don't cry-ahhhhh..}


Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {you'll be alright}
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {you'll be alright}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {keep your head up}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {never give up}
Even when the road is hard, never give up {no no.. ohhhh}
Baby don't cry


I'm tryin to do all that I can, from jump
Now you losin, you was choosin the wrong man
Dealt the wrong hand, you was young and beautiful
Lost and turned out, what you let that ni**a do to you? (Damn)
I knew her since elementary, she blew a kiss to me
Wrote me a note in crayon, wantin to get with me
We was kids, now she got three kids
They see their father e'ryday, and they don't know who he is
Seen him last night, homey roll a E-cla*s
Mad cheese in the stash, still a deadbeat dad
I bring her, Pampers and food, just to stop through
but those, ain't my seeds, nuttin really I could do (nah)
I feel pity for you, you ain't even his wife
Seventeen with three kids, locked down for life
Shoulda chose me, she bout to O.D. from the pressure
Hell nah I won't let her {BABY DON'T CRY}


Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {you'll be alright}
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {baby don't cry}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {baby baby baby}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {no..}
Even when the road is hard, never give up {no-ohhhh}
Baby don't cry, I gotta keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, you got to keep your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up {ooooh baby}
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up {keep your head up}
{keep your head up, never give up}
Even when the road is hard, never give up, baby don't cry


Uhh, uhh, yeah, don't give up {you'll be alright}
Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry


Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up
Baby don't cry, I hope you got your head up
Even when the road is hard, never give up, baby don't cry


For all the ladies {Soulshock, Karlin}
Baby don't cry
Got to keep your head up {keep your head up}
Makaveli the Don {head up} aight?


As the World Turns


As the world turns..
As the world turns my ni**az grow and grow and grow
and get dough and roll and ride
ni**az die and mommas cry
ni**az got alibis and suicides and homicides
and three strikes and yo' life and my life and times change
And ni**az fame, as the world turns..

Though I walk thru the valley of hell the shadow follows me
Wisdom hard to swallow tomorrow expect apologies
You probably panic, stranded in search of a better planet
Realism hard to understand, we stand slanted
and still stranded, merciless thieves stole the best of me
I pray to black Jesus to please take the rest of me
And still, the best of us build, and reach monetary gains
Some of us kill, but still, most of us can change
if we search deeper, god bless the hustler, curse the first sleeper
Enemies get beside me, flows go deeper inside
We we ride plots keep all my enemies blinded
Time will soon show, a thought can last for years
Outshinin them fakes smile plastic tears
like last year, ni**az stuck in the past, and it's clear
Just some busta a*s bastards allergic to cash this year
Makaveli for the Mob, M-O-B
Killin bustaz is my motherf**kin job, him or me
Lyrically fatally driven, ni**az reported missin
My competition dead or in prison, as the world turns...



(Turns.. turns, turns, turns, and turns
My ni**az grow and grow and grow
and gettin dough and dough and dough
from this state to that state
from this cell to that cell, as the world turns)

As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns.. and steady turnin


As the world turn burnin paths, starin through my rearview
It's a war goin on, and the President is in too
I hear Tu-Pac sayin, "Watch em they'll kill you"
Sippin Thug Pa*sion, scrub actin like he feel you
Steady plottin, ready or not; Outlawz lost
but not forgotten, from Gittere to Compton
A spitter of the hotness, long timeness
So like six I ain't never been rich
I need cream, to buy Ellene a dream house
She no longer fiend out y'all, Outlawww


Another lonely ni**a with a 12-gage pump
with a 12-hour rush to run and get this money, f**k these punks
Road rules I swim in the dirt, I stay in some skirt
I hit where it hurts, I ride or die for my turf
I ride or die for Makaveli the legendary war thug ni**a
Kadafi betta unslug this ni**a, Seike betta undrug this ni**a
Out of the buildin we street children with no souls
Our hearts gon' stay cold, the war gon' stay on
We serve em, like Pac told us to, catch em wet with the tec
Hit em in the neck and watch him die like he supposed to
Napoleon the front line soldier, front times over
Rider for the mightly dollar rather drunk or sober
ni**a talkin thug walkin all through yo' squad
Y'all ni**az scared by a dog, I got my fo'-fo' for y'all
It's like a hot, heated day homie, warfare don't play homie
Better be prepared than try to dunk away from these strays homie
Worlds turn, thangs burn, all in one shot
Rest in peace to the fallen soldiers, all that we got
As the world turns..



(And my ni**az roll and ride, hahaha
ni**az gettin swoll out
And it don't stop and it don't quit
That real s**t! As the world turns..
ni**az die for
How many you ni**az try for this? As the world turns
Murderin methods.. haha OUTLAW!)

As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns.. and steady turnin
As the world keeps turnin round and round
It's gon' be goin round as the world turns..


Only haters caught feelings, when my homie caught millions
And acquired the desired status of boss livin
We cross driven, cornered into a life that's hellish
Payin our dues with bloodshed, ain't s**t y'all could tell us
Fellas - mount up, it's time for battle, it's on now
Two worlds collidin armies ridin soldiers, gone wild
Sometimes I think my glory days was back in my youth
I sought too for family, but I got it lost in these ounces
Now as the world turns court adjourns, I'm sentenced to burn
The cost of my sins too much, nuttin left to earn


October 9th 1977 first day out my baby carriage
Married my Mack-11 hit the block playin
Only five years up in this bi**h, poppa runnin from the Feds
Puttin peanut butter on the walls to hide his prints
Me on my own, not yet grown but only man of the home
to protect my zone in these streets I roam
Dough on d-low, downin straight shots of Cristal Brothers
Hundred dollar snot box on cee-lo, f**k eighth
I need a kilo, got a plot, move my block down state
Got the drop on the spot, movin pounds of weight
f**k my fate and lots of loot to burn, a hustler's yearn
for this dirty money earned as this crooked world turns


Hahaha.. as the world turns..
and turns and turns and turns.. haha
This for the soldiers out there involved in the everyday struggle
Hopin to bubble, keep on hustlin, as the world turns
Money come and go, hoes come and go, foes come and go
Friends come and go.. my soldiers, stay eternal
Outlaw Immortalz, dedicated
I send this to black Jesus, only he can feed us
When you need us, as the world turns
Throw this s**t in the deck, hahah
ni**az gettin chin checked
From the East to the West best to wear a vest
ni**a we ain't the ones to test, f**k you
As the world turns
Outlaw ridahs, Mutah right beside us
Camillion, wanna make a million
Haha legit, as the world turns.. haha..
Burn baby burn


A lot of ni**az get burned as the world turns
A lot of ni**az gettin burned as the world turns..
Gettin burned as the world turns


Black Jesuz


Searching for Black Jesus
Oh yeah, sportin jewels and s**t, yaknahmean?
(Black Jesus; you can be Christian
Baptist, Jehovah Witness)
Straight tatted up, no doubt, no doubt
(Islamic, won't matter to me
I'm a thug; thugs, we praise Black Jesus, all day)
Young Kadafi in this bi**h, set it off ni**a..
What?


I do my shootin's on a knob, prayin to God for my squad
Stuck in a nightmare, hopin he might care
Though times is hard, up against all odds, I play my cards
like I'm jailin, shots hittin up my spot like midnight rains hailin
Got me bailin to stacks more green; Gods ain't tryin to be trapped
on no block slangin no rocks like bean pies
Brainstorm on the beginnin
Wonder how s**t like the Qu'ran and the Bible was written
What is religion?
Gods words all cursed like crack
Shai-tan's way of gettin us back
Or just another one of my Black JesuS traps


Who's got the heart to stand beside me?
I feel my enemies creepin up in silence
Dark prayer, scream violence - demons all around me
Can't even bend my knees just a lost cloud; Black Jesus
give me a reason to survive, in this earthly hell
Cause I swear, they tryin to break my well
I'm on the edge lookin down at this volatile pit
Will it matter if I cease to exist? Black Jesus


All hail, the pressure no endeavor can fail
Some missin souls turn to hoes when exposed to jail
In times of war we need somebody raw, rally the troops
like a Saint that we can trust to help to carry us through
Black Jesus, hahahahaha
He's like a Saint that we can trust to help to carry us through
Black Jesus


Outlawz we got our own race, culture, religion
Rebellin against the system, commence to lynchin
The President ain't even listenin to the pain of the youth
We make music for eternity, forever the truth
Political prisoner, the two choices that they givin us
Ride or die, for life they sentence us
Oh Black Jesus, please watch over my brother Shawn
Soon as the sky get bright, it's just another storm
Brothers gone, now labeled a statistic
Ain't no love for us ghetto kids, they call us nigglets
History repeats itself, nuttin new
In school I knew, e'rything I read wasn't true
Black Jesus


To this click I'm dedicated, criminal orientated
An Outlaw initiated, blazed and faded
Made for terror, major league ni**az pray together
bi**hes in they grave while my real ni**az play together
We die clutchin gla*ses, filled with liquor bomblastic
Creamated, last wishes ni**a smoke my ashes
High sigh why die wishin, hopin for possibilities
I'll mob on, why they copy me sloppily
Cops patrol projects, hatin the people livin in them
I was born an inmate, waitin to escape the prison
Went to church but don't understand it, they underhanded
God gave me these commandments, the world is scandalous
Blast til they holy high; baptize they evil minds
Wise, no longer blinded, watch me shine trick
Which one of y'all wanna feel the degrees?
bi**hes freeze facin Black Jesus


All hail, the pressure no endeavor can fail
Some missin souls turn to hoes when exposed to jail
In times of war we need somebody raw, rally the troops
like a Saint that we can trust to help to carry us through
Black Jesus


Some say, some day, some how, some way, we gon' fail
And it ain't hard to tell, we dwell in hell
Trapped, black, scarred and barred
Searching for truth, where it's hard to find God
I play the Pied Piper, and to this Thug Life, I'm a lifer
Proceed, to turn up the speed, just for stripes
My Black Jesus, walk through this valley with me
Where we, so used to hard times and casualties
Indeed, it hurt me deep to have to sleep on the streets
And haven't eaten in weeks, so save a prayer for me
And all the young thugs, raised on drugs and guns
Blazed out and numb, slaves to this slums
This ain't livin... Jesus


We believed in you
Everything you do
Just wanna let you know, how we feel
Black Jesus!

Searchin for Black Jesus
It's hard, it's hard
We need help out here
So we searchins for Black Jesus
It's like a Saint, that we pray to in the ghetto, to get us through
Somebody that understand our pain
You know maybe not too perfect, you know
Somebody that hurt like we hurt
Somebody that smoke like we smoke
Drink like we drink
That understand where we coming from
That's who we pray to
We need help y'all


Homeboyz


Oh s**t, caught that ni**a alone
Ain't that a bi**h
Hey, uh, this one here is, uhh
for them ni**az that be Johnny Dangerous when they be f**kin fifty deep
But they be f**kin cowards when they by theyselves
You know who I'm talkin about
(You know who I'm talkin about) that's right
You ain't s**t without your homeboys
You ain't s**t without your homeboys
You ain't s**t without your homeboys

Now
Now everytime I see you cats is rollin in packs
For the life of me I cannot see why you don't know how to act
Love to clown when you deep, but when you on that solo creep
out on the streets you don't hear a peep
ni**a it's a god damn shame, somebody explain
why they sent a Bad Boy to play a grown man's game
Tear that a*s out the frame, completely get that a*s kicked
Woke up on the street but you'll be sleepin in the casket
How long will it last, ni**a don't ask, just be first to blast
Outlaw on the mash tryin to be the first to see some cash
My s**t's cla*sic, like my ni**a Nate
Go get the tape, we keep the nation anticipatin until we break
Money made me evil, court cases got me stressed
ni**az aimin at my head but I still wear my vest
I don't give a f**k motherf**kers I'm loc
They all duckin when my gun smoke
cause you ain't s**t without your homeboys
You probably run at the sound of funk
I give a f**k, you ni**az is punks
Without your homeboys, you be the first to reach in your trunk
You scary ni**az is punks, you ain't s**t without your homeboys
ni**a, punk a*s motherf**ker
You ain't s**t without your homeboys
Throw your hands up you little trick, coward motherf**ker


Like Yak said, how the f**k you gonna shoot me rocks
When you got the Outlaw 'Pac s**ttin ya box
You was lookin real weak walkin down the street
Now a ni**a thirty deep, oh you wanna beef
Talk cheap, shoot a ni**a the fair one
Your homies like f**k it, what's this you the only scared one
(faggot a*s) Damn son, close call I bet
Now down around the way you gets no respect
They like that Outlaw ni**a played you out
We could have took it to the firfth I would I have laid you out
ni**az be actin all different when they dogs come around
Watch em act like bi**hes when Outlawz draw down
They all clown, better yet they all stunned
You the type to have a gun and never blazed it once
Get y'all banana split, you ain't Emmanuel
Outlawz you'll never forget
Makaveli the Don get a call y'all
Turnin these streets into Vietnam
Where your homeboys, homeboy


You ain't s**t without your homeboys
My thug ni**az, I love ni**az
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
My homeboys, the only thing a ni**a got left
I love my ni**az to death, we ain't s**t without our homeboys
.. You know what time it is
I ain't s**t without my homeboys
Hey, tell em the story how you came up ni**a

Now I was born alone, took my first joint and I got high alone
Now I'm an Outlaw ni**a, I never die alone
Me and my ni**az is so close, it's complicated
One ni**a smokin and drinkin, and yet we all faded
My ni**a Edi had a son we all happy
Cause now that little ridah got to deal with eight daddies
My ni**az cry, we all cry, and all ride
To rectify the problem, motherf**kers they all die
Been tryin to make a million, by hustlin since my adolescense
From crack dealin to rap villian, my new profession
Who wanna see me at eight deep, f**k 3D
You coward a*s motherf**kers'll never see me
Bustin with automatic straps, my raw raps like good crack
ni**az fiendin, I got em comin back
Until I die, they label me as a ridah
Forever, my ni**az be together

Ain't s**t without your homeboys
Thug ni**az I love ni**az
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
Without your homeboys, the only thing a ni**a got left
I love my ni**az to death
We ain't s**t without our homeboys
(without our homeboys)
Love my ni**az to death
We ain't s**t without our homeboys
Love you ni**az to death





 

Bury Me A G

Thug Life

Thinkin' back
reminiscing on my teens
a young G
getten' paid over dope fiends
fuckin' off cash that I make
nigga, what's tha sense of workin hard
if you never get tp play
i'm hustlen'
stayin' out till it's dawn
and commin' home
at 6 o'clock in tha mornin'
hand's on my glock
eye's on tha prize
finger on tha trigga when a nigga rides
shootin' craps
bustin' niggas out tha door
pick my money off tha floor
god bless tha tre-four
stuck on full, drunk again
sippin' on Gin
with a couple of friends
sayin' those thug life niggas be like major pimps
stickin' to tha rules is what made it simp
and if I die
let it be
but when they come for me
bury me a G



I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G

More Trouble than tha average
just made 25 and i'm livin' like a savage
bein a G ain't no easy thing
cause you could fuck around get crossed
and get stuck in tha game
and for tha rest of your life you will sit and remineise
wonder why it had to end like this
and to tha G's you can feel my pain
till tha mothafuckas gets born again

you thought I was a game kid
i'm not tha nigga for playin games
I let my buckshots rang
when I pull tha trigga on my gauge
i'm on tha rampage
makin' runs for tha devil
ain't nothin' on my mind
will get me in some trouble
i'm tryin to ride
no more loves
for me hard to figure
get a nigga, smoke a blunt
Or is a jury starts (break that shit)
I gives a fuck nigga
stuck outta luck
when I bust
pull me to my death
but i'm a G to tha enemy



I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G



I got nothen' ta loose so I choose to be a killer
went from bangin' ta slangin'
now i'm a dope dealer
all my life payed tha price to be tha boss
back in school
wrote tha rules on getten' tossed
poppin' rocks on tha block was a past time
pack a 9 all the time
you wanna test mine ?
don't cry
I die before they play me
from tha cradle to tha grave
bury me

Straight Thug G
kickin' it with tha homies in tha hood
getten' drunk, smokin' blunts
a bitch said I was no good
I gives a fuck
I spend my time in tha dope spot
never had no time for no bitch
instead slangin' rocks
and bustin' caps on you punk ass marcs
fake ass G's
bitch niggas with no heart
i'm stayin' real till i'm 6 feet deep
so when a nigga gone
bury me a G



I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
Bury Me a G



Stuck on Full
Tangaray got a nigga high
lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life
heartless hustler
just cause I fucked
don't mean I trust her
now my pagers vibratin'
can't sleep
so i'm mobbin' to tha ho's house
pumpin' Isely
Is it cool ta fuck is what i'm askin
Bitch recognize game and start laughen
when i'm all in those guts and shit
prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
cause i'll fuck and get up and let ya know
i'll be a 10 minute brotha for a $2 ho
lots a ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick
you can have that bitch
cause I doubt if I change
tha games a mothafucker
real niggas turn ta bustas
Bury Me a G



I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta Keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
Mama don't cry
bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches --- bitches


Don't Get It Twisted


Just 'cause a nigga come in he got style
Don't think I won't flip it
Don't pull your file
But I got enough bullshit to deal with
I'm rollin' with the thugs so
You must be on drugs to the head
Get your ass break down
Broken half baby
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin psychopathic
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer
I'm no joke
Mopreme straight lo
And you could get smoked
You hook the shit you get stroked
And all of that
And later be back for your motherfuckin dope sack
Kid it ain't the type of day to play doughnut
Don't get your ass sewn up
Why you leakin on my blown out
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts
You fuck around and got it twisted up
Boy, don't get it twisted


Don't get it twisted!.....


It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side
The park side where the O.G.s do ride
Ain't nothing but killers in the park
As many niggas lost they's heart
When my gat sparks
I'll bust a cap in that ass
Don't get it twisted
When I'm on a mission, niggas come with Mishy
You busters gettin disciplined
And you're comin' up short on your life
When i smoke you with this mac-10
When it's on it's on
Fuck it
I'm makin niggas kick the bucket when I check em' by inducis
Ain't no think to let my shit spin
You on my shit list hope you got a death wish
I tried to warn you but you missed me
You should have listened motherfucker when i said:
Don't get it twisted!


Niggas got problems about gettin shit twisted
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business
Kids get a kick out of bumpin their big clips
But don't front no shit that brought no shit that peace started
Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight dunkin'
never through with my streets
Never hurt nobody but my heat
East side brothers don't hear me though
They'd rather get shit twisted and gather like hoes
Bitch make ass niggas when I caught 'em
Couldn't bust a drape if they wanted
They're soft like Charmin
But I don't sweat varmits
I suffer with my black group
Just a one-day murderer
On the motherfuckin Rudy Poop
I snapped his soul, son
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue
And your mommy can't save you now
Cause you got the job twisted up
For fuckin' with a killer



Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Diggin' deep into your brain while tryin to explain
why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the same got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me
Look out motherfucker homey-G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player?
Straight-ass sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker try to pull quick
And just cause i'm rappin don't mean I ain't scrappin
And if you clip when the shit happens, it don't stop

Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance at the party and not get whipped 


See the shit don't stop
My 9 goes pop
Your body drip-drop
Throw that ass in a zip-loc


Now you've been hauled away in a body bag
Get your Sammy D said how your blood got sneeze me


Yo you fuckin' with a thug yo your ass gets plugged
With this hollow-point slugs
With ya under the rug


That's why my deaf niggas don't play that shit
In thug life niggas be the craziest


So when you think about fuckin' this
You better wear a vest
But it really don't matter
We ain't aimin' at your chest


Nah we blowin holes in your motherfuckin' skull
Make sure your ass is smoked
That's all the fat lady wrote


You heard that fat bitch sing when my shit went bang-bang
But it don't pay when i flaunt your brain


Nigga, ain't no plain cane brothers come no show
In the casket
Git'n they ass kicked
And blasted

It don't stop



All I wanna do is try to Mac the hoes
Spin bank on thangs sellin me a sponsor on my foes
It's like each and every one they got the look of death
I got my 9 nigga
Don't be silly
You better watch your step


And pussies we crossin when my crew is flossin'
Bitches we tossin'
And niggas we crossin'
It's like a murder rhyme when we hit your hood
It's all good
The punks? I wish you would!


Wouldn't better to just corrolate what we bust
Instead of kickin' dust
Gets a press y'all from nuts
Cause ain't no herbs here
And ain't no morgues
Beware of the water 'cause they full of sharks


But in every state
Niggas perpetrate and test
Where I come from fools die for less
And thugs keep thugin' till their casket drop
It's on 'till I die
And the shit don't stop




Pour Out A Little Liquor


Yeah
Pour out a little liquor for your homies nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up man?

I started young kickin dust and, livin rough
You watch you mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin forties, lil' shorties livin naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my glock, FUCK the coppers
Hangin on the block, slangin rocks and makin profits
I couldn't fuck with the schhhoooollll life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a toooollll man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we figurin
Hustlin in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin
Playin them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck that's how we do it (ha ha!)
It's two niggaz comin up out the hood
livin life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin on my nigga in jail
tryin to get a motherfucker to tell
And couldn't nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" [4X]

This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor
Pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin on?

Drinkin on gin, smokin on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggaz, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin all my homies and I worry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so -- I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in marked cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggaz in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong
and I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
the years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be
Homie, if it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrapin back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let ya know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go"

Look at you
Drinkin got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor nigga!
It ain't like that
Tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" [4X]

This for my nigga Madman
Dagz, Hood, Silk yeah
A little liquor for my homies y'all
We in this motherfuckin piece YEAH
Pour out a little liquor
Young Queen, YEAH
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin Bay
Oaktown still in the motherfuckin house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Nighttrain, Henessey)
All my real motherfuckin partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partnas in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggaz
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor!!


Stay True




Yah nigga, Drop the top on your muthafuckin ride
This how we do it on the west coast BAABBBY

Rollin' down the Four O Five
Gettin' high
White boys done wrecked their shit
Tryin to check my ride
I ain't being bootsy
Crusin' in a Six-o Impala
Drivin' like I'm in a Hooptee
car full of ballin' caps
keep yo hand on the strap
and take all the craps
Niggas know my steel-lo
all legit
but I'm drapped
like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop
cuz i can make that ass drop
make the front pop
And Hit the three wheel motion
All Day
Hit the freeway
take it easy, uhh
Let's slide
And pick-up some hoochies
ride
right back to the movies
High
talking back to the screen drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin that



Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

Big Stretch represent the real nigga
flex, Live squad and this mutha fucker catch wreck


Thug Life
sharp as a roughneck
Shakin' the dice, we roll long, ain't nothin' nice
so the vice wanna follow us around (raize up)
Got 'em runnin' as we clown thru the town (blaze up)
Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
you can see it on my face son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to where my ball is at



Mophreme Tell 'em why the hoes dream
gettin high off a nigga like a dope fiend



Cuz I'm non-stop, and I'm always hustlin'
twenty four seven, ain't nothin buck
but when a young G's flippin keys for a livin'
Try to make a mill off the time I'm givin'
trippin'
mad
I'm crazy
Can't nobody fade me
And I been goin' insane lately
And everybody tryin ta hold me back
I'm about to snap
You better move back
You know I led a.....



Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

Maaaannnn, I don't worry about the Five-O
if they start,
cuz it's all about survival
Just stay smart
Keep your mind on your bank roll
always
stay ahead of these stank hos
These days
It's an all out rat race
And look at MEEE just caught another cat case
That makes three
My laywers getting cash up the ass
Don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild ?
Don't smile
don't laugh
To the young G's comin up
peep game
Don't let the money make you change
or act strange
Stay broke
It's all in together now
Keep pumping loud
till the crowd
bring the top down
Is that Tupac Thug Life ?
Hell Yah
Try to dirty up my name
but it's still here
which way do I turn ?
i'm strapped
Lost in the storm
I can't turn back
with that...



Thug Life, y'all know the rules
gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)


How Long will they Mourn Me


How long will they mourn me
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato
It's still on nigga
Thug Life, Thugs for life
Ha Ha yeah, how long will they mourn me
Yeah nigga
2Pac in this muthafucka



All my homies drinking liquor
Tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried to mourn a homies homicide
But I can't cry
instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckas back before your buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a 187
do real niggas get to go to heaven ?
How long will they mourn me, bury me a muthafuckin 'G'
Bitch don't wanna die
then don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homies lying dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm trying hard to make amends
But I'm losing all my muthafuckin friends (damn)
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the muthafuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me ?



I wish it would have been another
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Got them niggas all dead and shit)
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Gotta keep this shit goin' on, Yo Syke)



How long will they mourn me
Every muthafuckin' day homie
You stayed down when tha other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigga you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
And goin' half on a muthafuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato ?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day
ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me ?



I wish it would have been another
(Yo Kato)
How long will they mourn me
(It's still on nigga)
How long will they mourn my brother
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Rated R, Double Jeopardy, Mack 10)



Damn a nigga tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin while watching my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up
Reminiscing how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace
How long will they mourn me ?

Ya know life's a fuckin' trip
And everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy
It's fuckin' with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my mutahfuckin' birth
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone
How long will ya mourn me ?



Yeah!
I wish it would have been another
(Mack 10 in this muthafucka)
Yeah, how long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my bother
(Thug Life boy, Nate blowin' that shit,
Nate Dogg do that shit nigga)
I wish it would have been another
Yeah! How long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my brother
(This for my nigga Kato and all his kids)
How long will ya mourn me
I wish it would have been another
How long will ya mourn my brother







Ballad Of A Dead Soulja

Yeah.. ballad of a dead soldier
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
This is the ballad of a dead soldier
Come play the ballad of a dead soldier..


The plan, to take command of the whole family
Though underhanded, to be the man it was planned
All my road dawgs, official mob niggaz love to act up
The first to bomb we rob niggaz
I can be, lost in my own mind
To be the boss only thought's grip on chrome nines
Niggaz get tossed up, war scars, battlefield memories
Swore I saw the devil in my empty glass of Hennesey
Talkin to a nigga on a tight leash
Screamin "Fuck the police," as I ride through the night streets
Lil' child runnin wild, toward his danger
What's the cause don't be alarmed death to all strangers
Maybe I'm a madman
A pistol grabbin nigga unleash the Sandman
Promisin merciless retaliation, nothin is colder
Close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier


Thug for Life I will be..
(this is the ballad of a dead soldier)
A life of crime I will lead..
(close your eyes, hear the ballad of a dead soldier)
If you play the game, you play to win..
(this is the ballad of a dead soldier)
It's a crazy world full of sin..
(close your eyes)


Completely lost, revenge at all costs
Payback's a bitch, switch now the trick's crossed
Tossed up and never to be heard of
A single witness screamin bloody murder, murder
Blast tell me homey what you see now?
A blind man and a dead body, I'm read' to leave town
And get my cash though, hook up with Kastro
Homey had to blast on the task force
Stupid coppers tried to play us out, never that
They took my money and my stash, time to get 'em back (heh heh)
Upon my secret arrival
Two glock four-fives, time for survival
Death to my rivals, tell me what you want lord?
Nobody left after the death of a drug lord (eh eh)
The situation's critical
Nothin is colder - than hear the ballad of a dead soldier


"close your eyes and hear the ballad of a dead soldier"


Be a coward, put yo' hands to the moon
When my glocks rang out, the niggaz came out BOOM
Who wanna see me in the challenge?
So merciless I'm terrifyin niggaz in my ballads, do you feel me?
Capo or Capi-tan, one day I'll be the Don
Until then, remain strong
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Bustin at my adversaries like a mental patient
To all my niggaz facin sixty years, sheddin tattooed tears
Another suicidal on the peer
Takin private planes, tryin to survive the game
For all my homies that'll never be alive again
All he promised us is death nigga
Take a breath come be the last one left nigga, it's real now
Villain to fantasize, ain't nothin colder
Listen you can hear it - the ballad of a dead soldier


 "close your eyes and hear the ballad of a dead soldier"


This go out to Cato, Mental
All the niggaz that passed away
To Geronimo.. (?).. all the down ass riders
All the niggaz that put it down, all the soldiers
All the niggaz that go through that day to day struggled
This is the ballad of a dead soldier!
All the niggaz that passed on
All the niggaz with ambition and money in they heart
All the niggaz that want some and that don't take none
Hahaha.. it's the ballad of a dead soldier!
The police are so scared of us
All the feds they aware of us
They wanna see us dead
They got pictures of a nigga head, ballad of a dead soldier!
Tryin to see me in chains, shit
Them niggaz'll never breathe again
Before they put me in a cell they'll see me in hell
Cause it's the ballad of a dead soldier!
Got my pistols cocked
Run the whole motherfuckin block, fuck the cops!
The police? We run these streets nigga
Ain't heard the ballad of a dead soldier!
These niggaz can't see me, half the world wanna be me
Multi-millionaire; shit, it ain't fair
But nigga, you know - it's the ballad of a dead soldier!


Fuck Friendz


My ghetto love song, hahaha, let's be friends..
(Where my niggaz at? Where my niggaz where my bitches?
Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at?
Throw your hands in the air
Everybody just throw your hands in the air)
Let's be friends..
(Wessyde in this motherfucker right here, Wessyde..)


Approach you and post a minute, arm on my double-R tinted
As you pass bye wink in my eye, freshly scented
What's the haps baby? (Whassup?) Come get with me and perhaps lady
you can help me multiply my stacks baby
Currency seems small I need companionship (hey)
Through with that - scandalous shit, I bet your man ain't shit
So why you hesitatin actin like yo' shit don't stink
Check out my - diamonds bitch everyone gonna blink (bling bling bling)
This be a thug thang, Outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreamin motherfucker, on a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sippin on Cristal and Alize
Smokin on big weed, keyed the Cali way
Don't like trickin but I'll buy you a fifth
I can't stand no sneaker-wearin nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree, re-breed me, they're so cheap
Puttin bitch-made bustas to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called comp, who the man?
While I'm tuggin on yo' main bitch head (C'mere baby, Wessyde!)
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me, fuck Jay-Z
He broke and I smoke daily (come on y'all) baby let's be friends


Let's be friends (where my niggaz at? come on)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (all my niggaz, where my hoes at?)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (where the bitches at, where the niggaz with money?)
(where you at baby?)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (cash makin hoes)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends


I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass
It was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass got me checkin for you hardcore; starin and watchin
Me and you one on one (see that bitch) picture countless options
Was it prophecy? Clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, we posess bubonics
Far from a crush I wanna bust your guts and touch
everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweatin like a fat girl goin for mine
Just a skinny nigga fuckin like she stole my mind
Back in time I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in 9-6? Fine tricks in drag
Fuck Dre, tell that bitch he can kiss my ass
Back to you, my pretty ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs now
Let me in between as friends


Let's be friends (wessyde, motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (wessyde in this motherfucker)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (wessyde in this motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (in this motherfucker right here)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends


Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks
I got em ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch (Ha hah!)
Was it me or the fame? My dick or the game?
Bet I scream WESSYDE when I came (wessyde, ha ha ha)
Scream my name, cause baby it's delicious got a weak spot
for pretty bitches up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby let your back get into it
Make it fluid, in and out, all around when a nigga do it
You got me high! Let me come inside!
I love it when you get on top, baby let me ride! (let me ride!)
Who wanna stop me? Am I top notch?
Fuck player hatin niggaz cause they cock block (cock block)
You probably hate to see a real thug with vision, what's the game?
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why you change?
Made a livin out of cuss words, liquor, and weed
A bad seed turned good - in this world of G's
Baby got me fantasizin, seein you naked
It's the fuck song, so check my record
And let's be friends
(Where my niggaz at? Show me where my niggaz at?
Where my bitches at) Thug style!


Let's be friends (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Throw yo' guns in the air!)
Friends.. (my ghetto love song, it goes on and on and on and on)
Let's be friends (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my niggaz at?)
Friends.. (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my people at? Let's be..)


Where my people at? Show me where my people at
Where my people at? Show me where my people at
All my niggaz now, just my niggaz come
Where my niggaz at? Just my niggaz now
Be friends, tell me where my niggaz at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Be friends, tell me where my people at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Make money, take money, be friends


Let's be friends (get your cash on, let's, get dough)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (c'mon, get your cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (c'mon, get your cash on, let's, get paid)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
friends.. (c'mon, getcha cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

Make money, take money!


Lil' Homies

Fuckin lil' homies..
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies
My lil' homies..
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies


Just pay attention
Here's a story bout my lil' homies, straight thuggin
Lil' bad young mothafuckers, gotta love him
You catch him in his G ride, touchin his glock
Screamin Outlaw (Wessyde motherfucker) bustin on my enemy's block
Educated on these cold streets
Gettin money makin dummies out the police, ain't no peace
for an adolescent nigga to rap, so be a thinker
Bud smokin twenty-four seven, everyday drinker
Got my diploma but I never learned shit in school
Mo' money, mo' bitches, mo' murder fool
Always the young niggaz gettin in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate so you called her a bitch (BIATCH)
Bustin on paper thin motherfuckers
Drinkin gin 'fore youu get to sinnin on them busters
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin, my fuckin lil' homies


Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(my lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin from these punk police, cause lil' niggaz run the sreets
(my fuckin lil' homies)


I remember.. when you was just a lil' G
Flirting with death, playin Russian Roulette, screamin KILL ME!
Hey there young nigga, what you smokin on?
Mad at the world cause you came from a broken home
Love to squad plus your mob is sick
A bunch of adolescent niggaz spittin major shit
Tell me, young nigga if ya die let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watchin as your mother cries?
Will all your homies ride?
Or will they all get high, and talk about how you died?
Young niggaz on a mission to compete
Gettin G's, packin heat, bringin havoc to the fuckin streets
Nobody knows why he took a fo'-fo'
and loaded up on the whole front row (BUCK BUCK, BUCK BUCK!!)
Try to tell him but he act like he don't know me
Pull out his pistol and show me, my lil' homie


Hahaha, whassup nigga? YEAH!
You lil' bad motherfuckers
You motherfuckers know what time it is
Yeah nigga!
Juvenile delinquent-ass motherfuckers
Under eighteen.. better protect that shit!


First to bomb, sixteen on death row
Bustin on them phony motherfuckers cause the big homey said so
Niggaz knew I was a nut case, quick to blast
Livin underage, but he'll blaze on yo' bitch ass
Is there a heaven for a G?
And if it is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streets ain't no peace, shell-shocked souls
makin money off of crack sales, young black males
Unable to change cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows.. the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K. Kastro
Big mouth Hussein, call them Outlawz
Tellin the world to be equipped
When these young motherfuckers rip shit, they don't quit
Drew down on me, pull a pound on me
Bust like he didn't know me, my lil' homies


Whassup nigga let's do this shit! My lil' homies!
Lil' bad-ass motherfuckin adolescent niggaz! My lil' homies!
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do? WHAT NIGGA? My fuckin lil' homies
Sixteen, fifteen, thirteen, my fuckin lil' homies




Juvenile delinquents ready to BUST on you motherfuckers
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do nigga?!
Nigga take yo' shit on, lil' homies!
We robbin motherfuckers nigga, Thug Life, Outlawwwwz! Wessyde!
You know what time it is, my lil' homies!


You know what the fuck you gotta do nigga, Outlawz nigga
My lil' homies..


Now you've been actin like you want it for a long time
All up in a nigga face, givin me them strong vibes
Look in my eyes and you'll find peace
A gemini, so you really blow my mind freak, c'mon
I got my clothes off, hard as a nigga in jail
Skinny niggaz throw the dick well
Everybody get they condoms, brother cause it's time to fuck
Hurry up and put it on nigga, time is up
What's next got my mind on some group sex
Where you goin baby, I ain't even through yet
Do it like a true vet, love it how I threw it to ya
Even now make it good to ya, remember me?
I love fuckin slow with the lights low
Black puerto rican even white hoes, bellisimo
Que linda, dame beso, come to papi
Fuck until the shit is sloppy, if you really want it
[***] Really.. want it
[Pac] Get'cha ass up; you know it, if you really want it
You really want it, you really want it
If, you really want it, if you really want it
If, you really want it, if you really want it
[***] Really want it (I really want it)
[Pac] Really want it


Alright all my real niggaz and my real bitches
Let me see you do it like this, c'mon


Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to


Daddy rock a player body 'til I tell you to stop
Hit the right spot if not leave money and kick rocks
I'm a thug ho, I need a thug nigga up beside me
A player that can ride me, a cat that can rob me
Make a jazzy ho like me bust a sweat
Hit it from the back, grab me by my neck, demand your respect
I'm not a on my back ho
I ride the dick and hit it 'til it cold
Bustin fits of nuts.. get 'em up
I'm a sagitarrius freak, my real hoes feel me
Legs open wide, nigga dick inside
Like (?) tonight's the night for you to hit it doggie style
Lay me on my stomach while I'm countin them hundreds
Fake bitches wanna front like they don't wanna keep it real
You know you want a thug nigga just to see how it feel
Hoes wanna rock Gabbana, Dolce and Versace
Let me rock your body mouth on my.. call you papi
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body




See, it all started simple, turned into me lickin the nipples
Fuckin you doggie style to this instrumental
Hands up, all up inside ya, hell I can stand ya
Eyes open I don't plan to bust, just hold on
Baby let me zone in, whaddyou mean?
Can you scream let it go beotch, how does it feel?
Got a nigga like steel in ya, to keep goin
Now I'm fuckin like I'm killin ya, let's go another round
Baby is you down really, two shots of ecstasy
Lick a nigga down silly, your body next to me
I could touch you inside, and you'll cry
So good when a nigga leave, you'll die
My mama told me baby be a man put it on her
Hittin bitches like, switches comin around the corner
I wanna let me get my ride on
It's yo' dick baby but it's my song, now if you really want it
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, and if you really want it


Gots to send this one out to the freaky bitches
Definitely all the scorpios, and the geminis, and the virgos
You know I know the truth about you scorpios and you virgos
No doubt gotta give it to the capricorns
They some freaks too on the down down
The libras, they like it even but they still like fuckin
No doubt, aquariuses, libras, I said those
Leos, yeah they some freaks, leos is freaks
They always wanna run shit in bed
Sagitarrius, taurus.. cancer, all you freaky fucks
I'm a zodiac fucker I'll do you all one at a time
And all day long, let's get busy!

 


Good Life

I was so money orientated, initiated as a thug
Fiendin for wicked adventures, ambitious as I was
Picture a nigga on the verge of livin insane
I sold my soul for a chance to kick it and bang
Now tell if I'm wrong
but sayin "Fuck the world" got you deeper in my songs
Drinkin 'til I earl, spendin money 'til it's gone
It's the good life - maybe niggaz got it goin on
Now maybe if I died, and came back, wouldn't have to slang crack
Addicted to the game, so obviously we came strapped
Please forgive me for my wicked ways, fuck a bitch
Bad Boy niggaz eat a dick a day, bumpin this
Lord have mercy it's a slaughter
So wicked that my tracks is wettin niggaz like it's water
I learned my lessons as a thug in these wicked ass hood fights
But I'm a baller now, nigga, I live the good life


This is the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggaz that, trust them hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
and live the good life, cause thug niggaz don't die
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggaz that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
and live the good life, cause thug niggaz don't die


No one knows what the, future holds, but you
Haha.. listen close
They say reach in yo' heart and you'll find your mind
Every day in the streets, got my foresight blind
My after time is narrow, peepin down the barrel of a foe
Just a nigga or a killer I don't know so
who makes the call will I fall a victim like the rest?
Slug in the chest, one in the dome and make sure I'm gone
Send me home all alone in these cold streets
In desperation constantly drinkin and I can't sleep
Neck deep strugglin tryin to survive
SOme wanna die I wanna stay alive, eyes on the prize
Let me modify this whole region
I declare this sucker duckin season, give me the reason
why I should change, into a softie
.. after living so loftily
It cost me my soul out of control in a devil's world
Me, my niggaz, and my girl - livin the good life!


I spend my days and nights not knowin if, strays in flight
gon' finally catch me, it's the good life, can you hear me?
Clearly over the edge, soon as I wake up
Last night we off the hook, doin way too much
But it's the fast lane only, big dealin big ceiling
All for the money, some kill some squeal
All for the money, most ain't even real
but we still call 'em homies, now what the fuck is that?
Fake love, fake thugs are, all in the game
I watch 'em all plot and fall while we come up and gain
Outlaw never surrender is the call when you hear us comin
Better start to get to runnin 'fore my click get to gunnin
Still in the midst of all the stress and pain
I'm still tryin to get a hold of the game, livin that good life



 


Letter 2 My Unborn

To my unborn child..
To my unborn child.. in case I don't make it
Just remember daddy loves you
[talking in background]
To my unborn child..
To my unborn..


Now ever since my birth, I've been cursed since I'm born to wild
in case I never get to holla at my unborn child
Many things learned in prison, blessed and still livin
Tryin to earn every penny that I'm gettin, and reminiscin
to the beginnin of my mission
When I was conceived, and came to be in this position
My momma was a Panther loud, single parent but she proud
when she witnessed baby boy rip a crowd
To school, but I dropped out, and left the house
Cause my mama say I'm good for nothin, so I'm out
Since I only got one life to live, God forgive me for my sins
Let me make it and I'll never steal again, or deal again
My only friend is my misery
Wantin revenge for the agony they did to me
See my life ain't promised but it'll sure get better
Hope you understand my love letter, to my unborn child


I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Wanna let you know I love you
Love you, if you didn't know I feel this way
How I, think about you every day
I have so much to say


Seems so complicated to escape fate
And you can never understand 'til we trade places
Tell the world I feel guilty to bein anxious
Ain't no way in hell, that I could ever be rapist
It's hard to face this, cold world on a good day
When will they let the little kids in the hood play?
I got shot five times but I'm still breathin
Livin proof there's a God if you need a reason
Can I believe in my own fate
Will I raise my kids in the right, or the wrong way?
Dear mama I'm a man now
I wanna make it on my own, not a handout
Make way for a whirlwind prophesized
I wanna go in peace.. when I gotta die
On these cold streets, ain't no love, no mercy, and no friends
In case you never see my face again
To my unborn child

Dear Lord can you hear me, tell me what to say
to my unborn seed in, case I pass away
Will my child get to feel love
Or are we all just cursed to be street thugs? Cause bein black hurts
And even worse if you speak first
Livin my life as an Outlaw, what could be worse?
Cause maybe if I tried to change
Who I'm kiddin? I'ma thug 'til I die, I'ma rider mayne
Touch bases, eat lunch at plush places
Regular criminal oasis awaits us
If there's a ghetto for true thugs, I'll see you there
And I'm sorry for not bein there
Just know your daddy was a soldier, me against the world
Bless the boys, and all my little girls
To the Lord I'm eternal, restin in peace
Please take care of all my seeds, to my unborn child


To my unborn child.. please take of all my kids
My unborn child.. to my unborn child
This letter goes out to.. to the seeds that I might not get to see
cause of this lifestyle
Just know that your daddy loves you, got nuttin but love for you
All I wanted was for you have a better life than I did
That's why I was out here on a twenty-four hour 365 grind
When you get to be my age you'll understand
Just know I got love for you
And I'll see you up there in the ghetto heaven
Cause ghetto heaven gotta be there.. haha, take care
Run wild, but be smart
Follow the rules of the game
I know that sometimes it's confusin
The rules of the game is gonna get you through it, all day everyday
Watch out for these snakes and fakes, friends comin down the way..


Breathin

Who'll be the last motherfucker breathin?
Tell me nigga.. tell me
Who'll be the last motherfucker breathin?


Stress, but busta free
Enemies give me reason, to be the last motherfucker breathin
Bustin, my automatic rounds
Catch 'em while they sleepin, now I'm the last motherfucker breathin




Woke up with fifty enemies plottin my death
All fifty seein visions of me shot in the chest
Couldn't rest, nah nigga I was stressed
Had me creepin 'round corners, homie sleepin in my vest
Shit, I'm like a hostage on this troubled block, call the cops
A thug nigga screamin Westside, bustin double glocks
Hittin corners in my Chevy Surburban
Liquor got me drivin up on the curb, hand on the steerin wheel swervin
Bless me Father I'ma sinner, I'm livin in hell
Just let me live on the streets, cause ain't no peace for me in jail
Gettin world-wide exposure
with a bunch of niggaz that don't give a FUCK, ridin as my soldiers
I just release 'em on a war path, not your average dealer
Westside Outlaw; Bad Boy killer, huh
Complete my mission my competition no longer beefin
I murdered all them bustas now I'm the last motherfucker breathin


Make sure I hold my position, stand firm in the dirt
For all my soldiers gone, we burnin the earth
Outlawz WORLDWIDE, we pack the block
Shootin rocks at the kid, I'll bust back for 'Pac
Ask Yak, he'll tell you that it's hell down here
Stale down here, too many jails down here
Why you act like you don't hear me?
Young Noble, Outlaw 'til these motherfuckers kill me
I'm still breathin


Now we was raised, "Fuck this life," I rose my right
Holdin on a tight grip with death in my sight
And the dark is my light, I'm cynical, sleepwalkin as a true
Walk around town with a pound full of, bitter food
Came a long way from my born day, dead away where there's war play
Fuck friends I'll say, rather die for my A-K
with these fag-ass niggaz, see-through glass ass niggaz
Only ride my dick and the skin of my mash-ass niggaz
Breathin!


Uhh, I walk around with a knife in my back
Talkin bout a bad day, I live a life like that
It's unfair, and I'm losin my hair, blastin hooligans
Catch me, I'm fallin out flat, yo I'm ruined and
breathin in sewer stench, no one give a fuck about me
I leaned to like it like that, when I was still in mommy
The side of seedy that the devil run from
In the belly of the beast, that's where the fuck we come from
And still I'm breathin!


And still I'm totally wasted, they want me to face this
Just lost two of my closest na'r one of y'all can take this
But I'm Makaveli trained, simple and plain
We number one motherfucker bout to do it again
Shit, 'Pac still doin it, you hoes can't ruin it
Two million everytime he drop I know you fuckers losin it
We movin in - for the kill, for a meal, holdin steel
Hold the wheel I'm bout to give these niggaz somethin they can feel
Fakin real, but we the raw and uncut
Style-bitin thug lyin niggaz, give it up!
We hit 'em up! (and we still breathin.. and we still breathin..)


Tell 'em nigga.. tell 'em
(and we still breathin..)
Who'll be the last motherfuckers breathin?









My Closest Roaddogz

Me and my closest road dogz
To my dog named Musolini, Big Syke, Thug Life baby
The return of the mashers, you know how we do it
Hahaha!


Shit half the times we flaunt cause trouble
My closest road dog it was cool cause I love you
Fuck what they talkin bout
Let me take you back in time, rewind to eighty-nine
Introduced me to this life of crime, but we was blind
Little nappy-haired juveniles, livin wild
No smiles on our faces, thirteen catchin cases
Indeed, it was misery
Driven by my own demons, cause they was killin me
How can I be sure I'll be saved soon?
Catch me dip into the light, of a stray moon
It's gettin deeper now, let me get yo' mind right
Fuck yo' enemies, nigga grip yo' nine tight, tonight's the night
Murder murder Mr. Lucifer
Pictures of the devil DUCK when he shoot at cha, it's all political
Runnin from the future, escapin in the fog
Live yo' life like a hog nigga, me and my closest road dogz


Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin out for all mine


Haha.. bring artillery and ROLL with a nigga
They could never take the soul of a M.O.B. soldier nigga
Cowards get rolled up, mob on 'em Makaveli
Boy youse a boss player, that's what all the bitches tell me
Even if I died now
I live my life eternally and never lie down, why cry now?
Fooled a few but never 'came a gamer, ain't tryin to hear it
Evil spirits hide at total strangers, yo' life's in danger
Prepare nigga be aware, cause we ain't scared
M.O.B., 'til I die, when we ride niggaz disappear
Fill 'em up with pistol smoke
Never forget to blow a hole in his head
for leakin information to the feds
The burnin bed was the tellin sign
Two hired guns bustin everyone, yellin everybody die
Why the fuck they fuck around, we left 'em in the fog
bleedin like a stuck hog, me and my closest road dogz




Fuck they feelings, that's what they get for squealin
That's the pressures of a gangsta, dangerous this drug dealin
See me in physical form, my niggaz swarm
Take the figure of a circle beatin jealous niggaz 'til they purple
Simon Says take they heads homies
and send them phony motherfuckers to dwell with all they dead homies
Fishin for fake niggaz, observe and shake niggaz
The only way to see six figures, is break niggaz
Me and Musolini set to ride we high
Big Bogart got the alibi if homicide ask us way
Labelled a Capo in the mob as big as the globe
To live and die as a millionaire, on ..
Set to explode, my M.O., is kill them hoes
My pistol's like a disease, my enemies and foes
Get murdered and disposed of, we in the fog
Makaveli the Don, and my closest road dogz




Niggaz Nature Remix



Tupac and Lil' Mo, hmm, how gangsta is that?
Hehe.. ooooh-oooh, ooooh-oooh, ooooh-oooh




One two.. to a nigga nature, haha..
No need to cry now, go wipe your tears, be a woman
Why you actin surprised? You saw the bullshit
Comin fake hair, fake nails, fake eyes too
So why you, bound to fuck wit fake guys too
Aint nothin' hard about it why you lookin sad? Shoulda though about it
Say you learned, I truly doubt it
I guess you got a problem with affection, kinda loose with the love
Gettin freaky with the thug niggaz up in the club
Ask to buy you a drink, you holla Dom Perignon
Knowin I'm a cash getter still I, remain calm
Let you chill with me; plus you was smilin 'til the bill miss me
That's what you get for tryin to dick me
Missed me with that "Buy me this, buy me that" syndrome shit
Bitch get a job if you wanna be rich
Gettin mad cause I cursed and I scream I hate'cha
Introduced you to a nigga nature, feel me?


Kissed the girls, made them cry
Thuggin life, and gettin high
Why you gangsta, all the time?
That's a thug's nature
Though sometimes, I can deal with it
I realize, that I'm feelin it
It's a love and hate relationship
but that's a thug's nature

I'm probably too nice at first, I let you kiss me where it hurts
Me and you gettin busy, slingin dick in the dirt
Met you at a pool party it was cool to kick it
See us, tounge-kissin, you was truly with it
Little ecstacy, Hennesey, mix with me
Picture me pay for pussy when the dick's for free
Hey now, where my niggaz at? Tell these hoes
Before I pay; I jerk off, word to Moses
Visions of you sittin there sweaty and wet
Pointin to the places that you want me to hit
Give me room all up in the womb, call the cops
Nigga, hittin walls 'til them bastard drop
Label me Makaveli - thug nigga with bite
Livin life like a rock star's Friday night
Make money, get pussy, always keep a pager
Cell phone in the ride to complete my nature now!


Haha.. started as a seed from the semen; straight outta papa's nuts
Lustin for creamin - bitches with big butts
Curves make a nigga cry, tits and shit
When I'm locked down beggin you for porno flicks
Sneak weed in, help a nigga pass the time
Put my name tattoo'd so that ass is mine
Tell everybody; 'Pac put it down for good
A local legend through the whole hood, follow me
I got a gun on me, goin for none on the run baby
You know a nigga need some, is my son crazy?
Why I cry, when I be thuggin til I die
Picture a nigga in heaven, high off weed I fly
Got me missin dead homies wishin phonies would die
Hit the weed and hope it get me high; dear God
Understand my ways, livin major
Blessed with a thug's heart.. and a real live nigga nature



[2Pac] It ain't my fault
[Lil' Mo] Hehe, Q.D., where you be? Ahh
[2Pac] Don't blame me blame my momma, a nigga nature


QDIII, and Lil' Mo
Tupac, puttin it down fo' sho' ("Cause that's a nigga nature")
I realize, that I'm feelin it
Cause that's a thug nature
Though sometimes I can deal with it
I realize, I'm feelin it
Love and hate, relationship
Cause that's a thug's nature ("Cause that's a nigga nature")
Yeah yeah yeah.. yeah yeah yeah..
Yeahhh yeah.. and that's a thug's nature

Where you at? Holla

 


When Thugz Cry

When thugs cry..
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord my guns to keep
If I die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
God as my witness, when thugs cry, too much is hard


Born thuggin and lovin the way I came up
Big money clutchin, bustin while evadin cocaine busts
My pulse rushin, send my pulse into insanity
Shout at my cousin now we bustin if they yo' family
The coppers wanna see me buried, I ain't worried
I got a line on the D.A. cause I'm fuckin his secretary
I black out and start cussin, bust 'em and touch 'em all
They panic and bitches duckin, I rush 'em and fuck 'em all
I'll probably be an old man before I understand
why I had to live my life with pistols close at hand
Kidnapped my homey's sister, cut her face up bad
They even raped so we blazed they pad
Automatic shots rang out, on every block
They puttin hits out on politicians, even cops, I ain't lyin
They got me sleepin with my infrared beams
And in my dreams I hear motherfuckers screamin
What is the meaning, when thugs cry?


Oh why, children send your child off to die
In the streets of chalk where they lie
Let no wrongs cry out when thugs cry
Dear God..
Oh why, does it have to be this way, our
children of today won't stay wise
Let the children hear when thugs cry
Dear God.. oh why..


Heh.. maybe my addiction to friction got me buggin
Where is the love? Never quit my ambition to thug
Ain't shed a tear since the old school years of elementary
Niggaz I used to love, enclosed in penitentiaries
But still homey keep it real, how does it feel
to lose your life, over somethin that you did as a kid?
You all alone, no communication, block on the phone
Don't get along with yo' pop, and plus your moms is gone
Where did we go wrong? I put my soul in the song
to help us grow at times, but now our minds are gone
We went from brothers and sisters, to niggaz and bitches
We went from welfare livin, to worldwide riches
But somethin changed in this dirty game, everything's strange
Lost all my homies over cocaine.. mayne
See they ask me if I shed a tear, I ain't lie
See you gotta get high or die, cause even thugs cry

And all I see is these paranoid bitches, illegal adventures
Bustin motherfuckers with uppercuts, I leave 'em with dentures
Cause in my criminal mind, nobody violates the Don
I write your name on a piece of paper, now your family's gone
Why perpetrate like you can handle my team?
So merciless that my attack'll take command of your dreams
Leavin motherfuckers drownin in they own blood
Clownin takin pictures later
Laugh bout the punk bitches, that turned snitches
Regulate my area, the terror I represent
Makin yo' people disappear, you wonderin where they went?
Am I cold or is it just I sold my soul?
Addicted to these streets, never find true peace I'm told
Come take my body God, don't let me suffer any longer
Smoke a pound of marijuana, so I know it ain't long
Where is the end to all my misery, is there a close?
I suppose that's why I murder my foes, when thugs cry

I shed tattooed tears for years
for my dead homeboys and my prison peers
Y'all ain't never heard my cries
Now you wonder why would you die?




U Don't Have 2 Worry

Yo c'mon man, what do you mean you don't wanna ride with me nigga
C'mon, get in the car, get in the fuckin car man
Yo why you trippin man? Get in the fuckin car man
Get in the fuckin car.. get in the car
(Heh, say you, you scared to ride in my car
cause you, you think niggaz gon' be blastin at it
It ain't even that deep baby)

You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggaz are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one click, we Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck them hoes


Repetitive blows are thrown, to my foes
No love shown get disposed of blasted full blown
My unknown tendencies to mash my car
Getting wicked with my ski-mask, find the stash and dump
Why niggaz run I'm the last one standin the rest die
Victims of my lethal chrome cannon, Westside
Though it's worldwide no one can deny my views
Tracked it to my very fabric once the plastic blew
Five shots changed my whole life, throats were slit
Niggaz die by my orders when I wrote this shit
Though we go back like wild knights at Latin Quarters
Niggaz tried to kill me, and I fed they wife and they daughters
Blazed the weed, draped they seeds, gave 'em cash
Pass the fame and let the game go rollin past
Why you change, it's a cold world taught me life
Retaliation proves niggaz never caught me right
Say they shot me in my nuts, out of luck quick
Bullshit nigga cause I'm still fuckin yo' bitch
Niggaz got me twisted in a bad way, why you change?
Fuck with me, all this shit pay, nigga fuck the fame


Don't remember "Hit 'Em Up," don't make us do it once.. more
Yo' niggaz know, you ain't fucking with them Out..lawz
We keep souljas, souljas from Compton to Brooklyn
Your the type to get sniped, when the cops is lookin
Don't nobody give a fuck cause you done crossed the game
Lost in fame, and you should take, all the blame
You made yo' bed nigga lay in it
Scared to come up out that cell nigga stay in it
It's not a game only got one click we Outlawz from the do'
Dirt stains when I buck on the fo', you kissin the flo'
We dirty as the motherfuckin streetz of Jerz
We sweep niggaz with the words though the heat's preferred
Holla


You don't have to worry you can ride with me now
Niggaz are quick to scream how they die for me now
Only got one click, they Outlawz on the Row
Fair exchange when we fuck these hoes, let the punks know


'Pac I wish I was in the motherfuckin car wit'cha
I'd have took every bullet that they threw, hand of God nigga
I only got one click, Outlawz 'til I'm gone
Heavy in the game and we coming for they fuckin throne
The love is gone well it is what it is
And plottin on us, they best be prayin for they kids, mayne
You don't have to worry cause I ride for ya
Like K said over loyal even tell bout a lie for ya
You put me in the game and dog I owe it all to ya
And when it get to poppin I'ma fuckin ball for ya
And everything I do gon' have your names on it
I'll never let them forget I put my seeds on it


You gon' die before yo' time, come face the truth
In the middle of the desert nigga lace your boots
As a youth, hundred proof, tap my chest is a dead rest
You studio niggaz still remind your vest
Why the fuck you ain't done yet swallow yo' teeth
In the field you woulda been need a straw when you eat
Fuck a glock nine that shit is weak on the streets
And if you can't strategize then you just can't eat
If your life in another nigga hand, you deaded
And if it's beef and your man disappear then don't sweat it
Another fake nigga usin my strengths to get credit
I mean (?) face sound scared but your heartbeat said it


I was born ugly, unlucky and dusty
But now I'm a rider, connivin gutsy
And I don't trust nobody, so don't nobody trust me
And that's how I'ma go about it 'til somebody bust me
I play for keeps like the OG's raised me
If I sleep I won't eat, who gonna feed my baby?
And I think I'm goin crazy cause my hair is gettin thiner
I've been drinkin on the daily, I can hardly remember
I got - bad nerves, paranoia destroyed me
I love the Lord but the church can't cure me
I sleep light, I wake peekin out my window
With guns under my mattress and guns under the pillow
And that's the way it's gonna be 'til they bury me
But don't twist it cause none of y'all niggaz worry me


What the fuck you didn't know?
Kizza-Kastro, Young Noble with the criminal flow
You nervous nelly ass niggas belly up in the river, no dizoubt
Y'all niggaz can't fade me with the clippers
We put it down, look around, 'til we find you we hound
Penitentiary bound, to remind you


Kadafi I bring the lingo to the click
Tasty like a Pringle, sneakin through your chimney like Kris Kringle
On some shit, get me free to let my ice click
Ka-pling, ka-plow, I been a thug shootin slugs since a child



Let the punks know 


This Ain't Livin

This ain't livin..


Nigga - I hear even the smaller G's be dippin Chevy Impalas
while flossin they gold D's, O.G.'s, is who they follow
We (?)swallow tomorrow(?) see, what we leave is hollow
We feed violence and greed, let 'em bleed tomorrow
In time, they grip a nine, sippin wine - hit grass
'til I be starin watch the parents sacrifice they child
The love's gone, a thug's home, with no love
Feelin so strong, make young boys into drug lords
Now one for adolescents, now dos for dose
Keep yo' friends by your side, even close your foes
Now three for Johnny Law tryin to make my chips
I never pulled the trigger, didn't touch that bitch
Throw yo' hands in the air, it's a robbery
.. thinkin 'Pac, would you ride with me
Let's go see what our enemies talkin bout
When G's enter the house nobody's walkin out
This ain't livin, it's similar to prison, we trapped
My homies jealous plus they tell us that the phones is tapped
I watch my back twenty-fo' seven
and never let a busta send a G to ghetto heaven, you know!
This is how it goes when we floss with foes
Before I toss yo' hoe, it'll cost you mo'
I do shows make a lot of dough, murder my foes
But I'd give it all up, if it would help you grow
This ain't livin


Takes a life to make a life (takes a life)
Livin in the world of crime tonight (takes a life)
Can't find a better way to break you
This ain't livin I gotta do what I gotta do


Peep it - gunfire is produced at alarmin rates
Today's youth, grip the shit, get in the car and break
"It Takes a Nation of Millions" if we intend to stop the killin
Just search your feelings, participate in some (?)
They our seeds and when they bleed, we bleed
That's what becomes of lonely children, they turn to G's
Heavenly father can you rescue, my young nation
rest the Lord will protect you, respect due
Not a threat as I step in blue, and check those
that oppose when I froze them fools, and who are you
to watch me fall farther
I disappeared, reappeared as the .. follow me now
Skippin class, and livin fast, will get yo' ass
stuck in the pen, doin life plus ten
Young brother pump yo' brakes for me, before you choke
won't ya soak up some game from yo' big homies
This ain't livin, we givin you jewelsl, use 'em as tools
Explode on they industry and fade them fools
You know the rules, gotta be a rider
You can run the red lights but read the street signs, heyy
This for all of y'all that keep on raisin hell
Put a pistol in your hand and let you fade yourself
It ain't right, what you put your momma through, young G
Gotta change your life, take the game from me
This ain't livin




Why U Turn On Me


(Ol' switcheroo-ass, bitch made motherfuckers..)
Outlaw nigga, Westside, throw it up
Hahaha.. had love for 'em, but why you turnin on me?
Why me? Westside, how you do it boy?


I went from, nothin to somethin now they all wanna see me fall
And the player haters hate to see a thug nigga ball
And they say we hate the East coast, but that's funny
Got a lot of love for, any niggaz gettin money
I made a song about my enemies and niggaz tripped
It was hip-hop until Tupac fucked Biggie bitch
Y'all niggaz hypocrites and bitch made
Now either love me or hate me but real thug niggaz get paid
Have me catchin cases all across the nation
I went to jail to bail to barely on probation
They got a player facin three strikes, and we might
just blast God bless the child that can get cash
But all these niggaz turnin and never learn
Got a long line of niggaz player hatin me but gettin burned
Talk a lot of shit but youse a trick in drag
Like the Mack make you fall back and stick yo' ass for back pay


Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin on me?)
When you niggaz see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggaz see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G


It, started so innocent, but ended in the fifth precinct
Approach the juvenile delinquent, we still decent
Playin catch and kiss, used to diss the herbs
Fuck school we was skippin drink a fifth on the curb
Me and you, no closer two, while drinkin brew
What you need nigga? Anything at all come to me nigga
You can wear my clothes and my gold for the hoes
Gave you the keys to the jeep, offered my home as an open door
But then you picked a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die?
I never got a single visit yet I carry on
All my old friends too busy now my money gone
Said I got raped in jail, picture that? {*laughter*}
Revenge is a payback bitch, get your gat
Fuck {Wendy Williams} and I pray you choke
on the next dick down your throat, for turnin on me


I put Jenny Craig on your fat ass, you fat troll
Anybody ever seen {Wendy Williams} fat ass?
Why you always wearin Spandex you fat bitch?
I know your pussy stinks, you fat hoe
I'm puttin Jenny Craig on you bitch
I'm about to put a twenty-thousand dollar, hit
through Jenny Craig to come find yo' ass
and put you in a fat farm, you fat bitch!
Thug Life, Outlaw, Westside bitch
It's Tupac so you know who said it
And for everybody who didn't like what I said about that other trick
and Mobb Deep, fuck you too nigga!
If a nigga didn't want to get talked about
he shouldn'ta stepped in the fuckin ring
If Tyson don't want to get knocked out
he don't step in the fuckin ring, that's how the shit go
When Tyson get in the ring, he knock motherfuckers out!
Well that's what Tupac gon' do
When niggaz come against me, I'ma knock they punk ass out!
One way or the motherfuckin other
This old motherfuckin nigga in the South told me nigga
It's more than one way to skin a cat
It's more than one way to shoot a gat
It's more than one way to die nigga
When I'm through, everybody cry nigga
This is how we do it





Good Evening [sirens in the background]
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
[crowd starts chanting "Tupac"]
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of Tupac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humorous release by Tupac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now


Now ever since a nigga was a seed
Only thing promised to me was the penitentiary, still ballin
Ridin on these niggaz cause they lame
In a six-one Chevy, still heavy in this game, can you feel me?
Blame it on my momma I'm a thug nigga
Up befo' the sun rise, quicker than the drug dealers
Tell me if it's on, nigga then we first to bomb
Bust on these bitch-made niggaz hit 'em up, WESTSIDE
Ain't nobody love me as a broke nigga
Finger on the trigger Lord forgive me if I smoke niggaz
I love my females strapped, no fuckin from the back
I get my currency in stacks, California's where I'm at - right?
Passed by while these niggaz wonder why
I got shot but didn't die, let 'em see who's next to try
Did I cry, hell nah, nigga tear I shed
for all my homies in the pen, many peers dead
Niggaz still ballin


Still ballin, until I die
You can bring your crew motherfucker
I be ballin, they wonder why
(You can bring your crew but we remain true motherfuckers still)

Now as I kneel and pray I hope the Lord understand
When he's gone, devolve, I become a dangerous man
Ain't crazy or deranged, I'm sayin (I'm sayin)
But when these kids go to spray 'em boy I don't be playin
With clientele, any rhyme sales
Question is, will you fuck-niggaz ride for real, huh?
Bitch nigga this is G rated
Plus your homeboy won't make it, street game Fugazi
I'm elevated to the top of this shit
Done fucked around and put me and 2Pac on the bitch
And you can tell 'em THUG LIFE was the reason for this
And I ride for any nigga who believe in the shit
I'm still ballin


Still ballin, 'til the day I die
You can bring your crew but we remain true motherfuckers
Still ballin, niggaz wonder why
You can bring your crew but we remain true motherfuckers
Still ballin


Now everybody wanna see us dead
Two murdered on the front page, shot to death, bullets to the head
Niggaz holla out my name and it's similar to rape
Motherfuckers know I'm comin, so they runnin to they graves, watch
Swoop down with my nigga from the Pound
Cause {Trick} don't give a fuck, where you coward niggaz now, blast
Keep pumpin, ain't worried bout nuttin
Busters thought we was frontin, so reload and keep dumpin



 



Fugees! Fugees and Mobb Deep tryin to diss now too huh?
Hahaha! Well I ain't prejudiced, I don't give a fuck
This is what it sounds like - when we ride on our enemies
BEYOTCH! When we ride on our enemies


HEYYYY! Got some static for some niggaz on the other side of town
Let my little cousin K roll, he's a rider now
What they want from us motherfuckin thug niggaz?
Used to love niggaz now I plug niggaz, and slug niggaz
Am I wrong? Niggaz makin songs, tryin to get with us
Must be gone on stress weed, in the West we trust
To the chest I BUST! Then we ride 'til the sun come
shinin back to brighten up the sky, many die
Heard the Fugees was tryin to do me - look bitch!
I cut yo' face, this ain't no motherfuckin movie
THEN! We watch the other two die slow
Castrated entertainin at my motherfuckin sideshow
BAM! Set my plan in mo', time to exterminate my foes
I can't stand you hoes, uhh
Now label this my fuckin trick shot
My lyrics runnin all you cowards out of hip-hop
When we RIDE - on our enemies

When we ride on our enemies
I bet you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
Bet all you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies


Come take a journey through my mind's eye
You crossed the game, don't explain, nigga time to die, say goodbye
Watch my eyes when I pull the trigger
So right before you die you bow before a bigga nigga, now dry yo' eyes
You was HEARTLESS on yo' hits
Niggaz love to scream peace after they start some shit - pay attention
Here's a word to those that robbed me
I murder you then I, run a train on Mobb Deep! Don't fuck with me
Nigga you're barely livin, don't you got sickle cell?
See me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin well, hell
How many niggaz wanna be involved?
See I was only talkin to Biggie, but I'll kill allay'all, then ball
Then tell Da Brat to keep her mouth closed
Fuck around and get tossed up, by the fuckin Outlawz
Before I leave, make sure everybody HEARD
Know I meant, EVERY MOTHERFUCKIN WORD
When we ride on our enemies

When we ride on our enemies
Make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies, hehe
I make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies



Shit, I'm a changed man
Ay, turn the lights out
Big baller 2Pac up in this bitch
Y'know how we swing this shit, look


By age sixteen I sold to dopefiends
Not yet a drug dealer, but I watched 'em closely
Until they noticed me I got the feds wonderin who broke the law
Far too inhibited for gunsmoke, I broke his jaw
Words harder than a fuckin diamond
Mobile phone call to Simon, niggaz trippin homey, when we ridin?
Fuck them slowly like Jodeci
And stick a needle in my eye if I don't live and die for M.O.B.
And fuck your homeboys nigga we can drop the guns
I hit your block and we can box for fun
Nigga one on one, last to fall is a baller cat
It's Death Row, why the fuck you think we call it that?
So if you knew me in my past life
Don't act like we homeboys, ain't no love in the fast life
I switch gears on them jealous bitches, who do you fear?
The gameplan of a changed man, so what I'm sayin is


I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider
(Fuckin with a changed man)
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it
(Nigga you fuckin with a changed man)
All my real thug niggaz, go and get your hands up
You go and drink the Henn' up
(You fuckin with a changed man)
Changed man, you're dealin with a changed man


In drop top, the glock cocked, got rocks in my socks
Cops spot Watt niggaz but hardly stop niggaz
Not if they got niggaz, doughboys and hot niggaz
Who mighta shot niggaz but only by strugglin
I'm for respect nowadays they expect me
to be in a Ferrari or the old SL
Or anything you see flashin past and can't catch
Dat's me, gauge on the Escalade back seat - don't creep
Oh what you think, T.I., P and them sweet? (Don't sleep)
Get you hit from your head to your feet (And you don't know me)
I'm fin' ta introduce you to the old me
You walk in, exploded and leave reload
You don't like a rugged nigga, fuck you, blow me
But you will respect me or get it in your neckpiece G
No three niggaz here are gonna let me be
or get you inside there's codes to the streets nigga

A nigga so cold when I flow, bow down to Death Row
Three wheel motion, comin through coastin
Who's that nigga in the G-ride screamin out
M.O.B.! Nigga we ride
I hit the charts like a stick-up kid
#1 in the nation
I fucked the world, the Judge gave me probation
Faced with incarceration
Move tapes like it's big weight, slangin to the whole nation
GIMME MINE, or I'm blastin on every song
Murder my enemies, I'm mashin until I'm gone
One love to my thug niggaz
And fuck a bitch, cause a true sister love niggaz
Throw yo' hands in the air, close your eyes and hope
Never come against the massive smoke, on Death Row
My adversaries BLEED
But fuck 'em all 'til the talk cease, fuckin with a changed man


E'rybody think they understand me
Shit, you niggaz don't know me
Y'all know that nigga on the rap song
Y'all know that nigga in the movies
You don't know this nigga in 3-D
Real live right up against you in front of yo' face
Shit, nigga you fuckin with a changed man


Westside, Outlaw Immortalz, hehehe
You fuckin with a changed man
Hahaha.. you fuckin with a changed man
Hahaha.. I ain't the same, you fuckin with a changed man
We ain't the same, you fuckin with a changed man
We ain't the same, fuckin with a changed man
Changed man

 



You a what? Bad Boy Killaz
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
Hahaha yeah nigga, fuck em' all
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
Fuck all you muthafuckers
Ay Yo Biggie Put your hands up



Now I can make it happen
My rappin' is similar to muthafuckers
When they scrappin'
Blast and watch em' back up
Notorious biggie killer
Affiliation with death row
Niggaz get their caps pealed back
Fool this the west coast
Fuck a misdemeanor I'm raisin hell like felonies
Mr. Makaveli straight outta jail to sellin' these
Intoxicated we duplicated but never faded
Now that we made it my adversaries is player hatin'
Got a Mercedes for these tricks
That thought I quit
Then got a drop top jag for these bitches that's on my dick
Go to a club in a pack
I'm smokin' bud in the back
I wait for niggaz to trip
Cause bitch I love to scrap
Now mama raised me as a thug nigga
With love niggaz
I'm a millionaire started as a drug dealer
I went from rocks to zines
Writing raps and movies
I went from trustin'' these tricks now they all want to sue me
So Fuck em' all



(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young Noble) Come put your hands up in the air, it's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)



Now could you picture my criminal status at its fuckin' peak
Even the baddest be gettin murdered in they seats
I'm addicted to these streets
like crack is to these creeps
Seein' visions of a prison
wake up screamin' in my sleep
Is there a heaven in this hell
a possibility of livin' well
But if they killin' me
I get my stripes and whose to tell
Choosing to sell
I'd rather die and be deceased
World mob figga addicted to these fucking streets



Now put your muthafucking hands up
If you'se a rider (ride)
Niggaz ain't killers
So they hidin'
Why?
Fuck em' all, touch em' all
That's the way that we do it
Ride up, hop the fuck out watch that bitch nigga lose it
Man I'm as strong as this game
Ya'll be knowing my name (Edi)
A young high strung thug nigga
Created by pain
Livin' my life in the fast lane
Gettin' fucked by the past
Got my mind on my cash and my next piece of ass
So fuck em' all



(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(young noble) Come put your hands up in the air, It's a middle finger
affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(young noble) I do my girl all by my lonely, don't need no phony homey to
call me
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(young noble) Back off I hit at everyone of you homies, so don't get
comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(young noble) Nigga, we Outlaw ridah'z don't give a fuck if ya love us we
thuggin'



I got glad bags with enemies
Cut up so they remember me
Soaked up in Hennessey
So they relatives know it's me
You can bet your last dollar
I'll dick em' and holla
Ridin' these hoochies
Like they some heavy ass Chevy impalas
Jump up and get your ass shot up
For the profit pick my glock up
I'm bustin' in self defense ya see
Poppin' nobody got em'
Holla Outlaw riders
Mash up on the gas pedal
Vacate the scene
Count the cash and stash the precious metal
Here come the coppers
The swat team and the helicopters
Them crackers is crazy
Why? Cause they'll never stop us
I watch Arnold Swarchzenegger
bust some body in the movie
Now I want to do it too
Ohh, ohh niggaz is too through
True to the game
I claim Outlaw riders
We give a fuck what they try
I'm...



Cause Young Noble behind it
Can you picture me stickin' niggaz for they watch and chain
Kick back lil nigga
And watch the game
Get your mobb rocked and what-not
We keep it poppin' like a drug spot
The streets know what's hot
Trust me



Even my hood call me baby Malcolm X with the tek's
Shower some slugs on em'
I've got a brother don't rest
And he keep some drugs on him
Always in grind mood
Hustle to find food
Ever seen faces of death
That's what my nine do



I keep my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
With my back against the wall
Like I'm runnin' outta time
Even rap with a gat
I must be goin' out my mind
Like I'm up against the world
This guerilla team of mine
Screamin'

Thug Life Bitch, Fuck em' all
(That's right bitch, Fuck em all)

And die for em'
Even if them the last nigga left I'ma ride for em'
Feel me?
Until they kill me, that's how I'm rollin'
Fuck em' all
Let them die
That's my slogan
Fuck em' all



(That's right bitch, Fuck em all)
(Young Noble) Come put your hands up in the air, It's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck em all)
(Young Noble) I do my girl up by my lonely, don't need no phony homey to call me
(That's right bitch, Fuck em all)
(Young Noble) Back off I hit at everyone of you homies so don't get comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right bitch, Fuck em all)
(Young Noble) Nigga, we Outlaw ridah'z don't give a fuck if ya love us we thuggin'
(That's right bitch, Fuck em all) [repeat 2 times to fade]




Now of course I want peace on the streets
But realistically
Painting perfect pictures ain't never work
My misery was so deep
Couldn't sleep through all my pressures
In my quest for cash
I learned fast
Using violent measures
Memories of adolescent years
Their was unity
But after puberty we brought war
To our community
So many bodies dropping
Its gotta stop
I want to help
But still I'm stepping
Keeping my weapon
Must protect myself
The promise of a better tomorrow
ain't never reach me
Plus my teachers were to petrified in class to teach me
Sipping thunderbird
And grape kool-aid
Calling Earl since my stomach was empty
It seduced me to fuck the world
Watch my 'lil homies
Lose there childhood to guns
Nobody cries no more
Cause we all die for fun
So why you ask me if I want peace
If you cant grant it
Niggas fighting across the whole planet
So we can never be peace



Will there ever be peace?
Or all we all just headed for doom,
Still consumed by the beefs,
And I know there never be peace,
That's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
Cause there can never be peace



Somebody owes me
Will they control me?, nah
I ain't a hater playa
But I want all you got
Your babies have babies
Now we fighting each other
My dogs got rabies
They biting each other
'n' it ain't hard to find a friend like mine
Big fully is a bully
And he don't mind dying
And I gotta be bright
Miss sign after sign
Time after time
After time after time
And I don't like nobody
They don't like me more
And I'm cool with that finally
But they heard it before
Dog
We living in a prison
Losing our religion on em
Thanks given when thankful just for living in hell
Damn homey I don't mean to be harsh
But it's the devil in the ghetto trying to tear it apart
And if we make it up out
We still stuck in the dark
Will there ever be peace?
Just the peace in my heart
Never


The only peace we got
Is the peace in our heart
Or the peace in our mind
Right there in piece that we hold in our waste line
Feel me dog?
Cm'on



Will there ever be peace?
Or all we all just headed for doom,
Still consumed by the beefs,
And I know there never be peace, (never)
Thats why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
'Coz there can never be peace



Things are changing
Nigga you better fantasize
I'm only concerned about me and mine in these times
The world is a ghetto where peace is not a part of it
We all goin' need God if we plan to get out of this
Niggas spending too much time hating on each other
Niggas buyin' guns
Load em up
Aim at each other
And the victim is you and me
The secret is true indeed
The good die
Mostly over bullshit
Repeatedly
Deep in me there's a part that wants nothing but love
But the rest of me knows war is what's waiting for us
So I stays ready
Keep my pay heavy and boss up
Stack my funds and my guns
Never rely on luck
Asking God to point out the imposters
Never let no weapon formed against me prosper
Cause they'll never be peace
So don't rely on it
Soldiers die for
And in the ghetto, they trying for it
FUCK PEACE



Will there ever be peace?
Or all we all just headed for doom,
Still consumed by the beefs,
And I know there never be peace,
That's why I keep my pistol when I walks the streets
Cause there can never be peace



Shit, fuck peace
On the strength till my niggas get a piece
We cant have peace
How the fuck we gonna live happy if we ain't got none?
You motherfuckers is smiling, but I'm mean mugging
Why? Cause gotta be thugging
I've seen drugs done turned this motherfucking hood out
All us niggas acting up
Wild ass motherfucking adolescents
These niggas ain't even got no childhoods no more
How the fuck can you have a childhood and you have a funeral every motherfucking weekend
And you motherfuckers talking about peace?
Nigga, it ain't no motherfucking peace
You ain't seen the news motherfucker?
You ain't heard?
Little babies getting smoked
Motherfuckers killing there whole family
'Lil kids getting thrown off buildings
Motherfuckers gettin abused
Peace? Niggas you out your motherfucking mind?
Fuck peace
We can't never have peace, till you motherfuckers clean up this mess you made
'Till u fucking clean up the dirt u dropped
'Till we get a piece
Fuck peace
Westside




Young mothers
That's right
I feel ya (hey)
I know how it is
(MAMA's JUST A LIL' GIRL)
Don't nobody understand
I feel ya



She was ..
Born A heavy set girl with pig tails and curls
A heart full of gold
Still it won't change the world
Though she could never understand why
Some underhanded plans, witnessed a man die
Was only 15
Should have been a beauty queen
Still see here crying by the caskets when here parents got killed
Little girl don't cry
'Coz even though they died
You can best believe they watching over thee from the sky
Never asked for this misery
But look at what you gettin'
It's a blessing in disguise
When you find out your pregnant
No money, no home
And even though you all alone
You'se got to do this on your own
So baby go on
I wish you luck
And if you need me, call
Just come to me and let me feed you all
I can understand
The way it feels when you fighting the world
Facing all this drama
When mama's just A little girl



Mama
Don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Given that she's a ??
Time ain't on her side
Mama's just a little girl
(Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high



At 16 what a beautiful thing
The very essence of a jet black ebony queen
And who could tell she would get pregnant at an early age
She didn't listen, had sex
Watch her belly raise (hey)
Got violated by someone she dated
If this is fate I hate to see the seed she created
So we wait, though it takes time to build the body and the mind
She reclines 9 months
Then finally its time
What do we find?
A little grown boy a mind with a tortured soul
Addicted to a life of crime at no time of the growing stage
He learned his values on the streets at an early age
Watch for police
Don't come home (why)
'Coz mammas acting crazy
At the hospital
'Bout to have another baby
Like the rose from concrete
Grown within
Blessed with twins
How the hell can mamma raise 3 men
So we began a closest family
Such insanity
A happy home
For one act inhumanity
Plus mammas said the seed was corrupted
Used the rubber belly
Begging us to breathe if she love us
Now mamma sits quiet
Sipping peppermint schnapps
Turned the house into a spot and made her watch for cops (hey)
How could mamma bring a thug like me into this world?
She ain't the cause of all the drama
Cause mommas just a little girl



Mama
Don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Liven if she is or not
Time ain't on her side
Cause ama's just a little girl
(Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high
(How could she raise us)



Now
Would she remain in the same spot?
The gunshots rang, they came from the cane spot
Now look here
I see her clutching her son
In her arms she hurt
Her heart bleeding as she watched her seed die in the dirt
Fulfill prophecy
But who could stop the grief?
I walk around trying to hold the world up on top me
Probably be an innocent man
But still I'm the victim of a curse
What could be worse?
Nothing but pain
Since my birth, taught me functions at the pen
Cause everybody's in paying back society
I'm guilty of a life of sin
I watched the drama occur
My eyes blurred 'fore I jet it
I wonder why we all have to die for we get it
Though we shed tears
So many peers I done buried
Worried and scared
Knowing I'ma see the cemetery
Must be prepared in this cold world
No-one cares
No it ain't fair
But we all there
And do our share
In this land of underhanded schemes and plans
Vivid dreams of a nigga having g's in hand
Mamma told me not to be a punk
Fuck what you talking about coward
What you niggas want?

(hey)
They ain't a thing I wouldn't do for my mamma in this world
Cause you know I ain't mad at cha
You' just a little girl
See mammas just a little girl
(hey hey)





Mama
don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Given that she is or not
time ain't on here side
mama's just a little girl
(mama's just a little girl)
she gotta hold her head up high



They ask us why we mutilate each other like we do
And wonder why we hold such little worth for human life
Facing all this drama
But to ask us why we to turn from bad to worse
Is to ignore from which we came
You see you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete had damaged petals
On the contrary
We would all celebrate its tenacity
We would all love its will to reach the sun
Well
We are the roses (echo)
This is the concrete (echo)
And these are my damaged petals (echo)
Don't ask me why (echo)
Thank god nigga (echo)
Ask me how (echo)
(hahaha)

You see, mama's just a little girl













